
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000356                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   355950000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2271415716000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              203274596                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                203268304                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              464493638                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1305284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   155763668                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     155763668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       105536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data        64960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst        25664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        37120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst       100032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data       150400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            483712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       105536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        25664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       100032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       231232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       106176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         106176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         1015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst          401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data         2350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst    296491080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    182497542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst     72100014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    104284310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst    281028234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data    422531254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1358932434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst    296491080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst     72100014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst    281028234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       649619329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      298289086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           298289086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      298289086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst    296491080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    182497542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst     72100014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    104284310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst    281028234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data    422531254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1657221520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         9600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       104064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data       411200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            569152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         9600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       469888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         469888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data         6425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               8893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         7342                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7342                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst     26970080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    292355668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst      1977806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    112555134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst      9889029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data   1155218430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1598966147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst     26970080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      1977806                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst      9889029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        38836915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1320095519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1320095519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1320095519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst     26970080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    292355668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst      1977806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    112555134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst      9889029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data   1155218430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2919061666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357387000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357551500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          376.097456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                  8                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    4                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   375.519413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.578043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.733436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.566406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357387000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357551500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          405.683498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                 21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   21                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   405.105813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.577685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.791222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.792351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357387000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357551500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          229.003649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   228.426322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.577327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.446145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.447273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.289062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357333000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357497500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.232823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   442.655855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.576969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.864562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                       570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                     162     47.65%     47.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                    177     52.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                 340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                      162     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                     161     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                  324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0               139152000     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12117500      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151434000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.909605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.952941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.31%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.28%      3.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                  321     88.43%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.28%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.96%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                   363                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61863500     75.48%     75.48% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.52%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             4840                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.256629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs              70692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.605785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    24.595843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   436.660785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.048039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.852853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        30709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        25605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data        56314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total           56314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data        56314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total          56314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          4954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         4954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        33485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        27783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        61268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        61268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.082903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.078393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.160920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.044408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.080858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.080858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             2967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             2443                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             290971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs           119.103971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst    25.892877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   486.107123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.050572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.949428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           335959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          335959                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         164315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          164315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         164315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          2443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         2443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       166758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       166758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             2443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                       786                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                      94     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                    103     51.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                 200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                       94     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.58%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                      93     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                  190                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351237500     98.20%     98.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6094500      1.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357693000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.902913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.17%     21.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.82%     23.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                  129     47.08%     70.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.36%     70.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.18%     95.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.28%     99.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.73%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                   274                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel              127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1897088000     99.57%     99.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             2158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.474680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              23869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.060704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data    99.165099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   358.309582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.193682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.699823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            79662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           79662                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        22580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        12706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        35286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           35286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        35286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          35286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          2403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         2403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        24307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        13382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        37689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        37689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.071049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.050516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.073996                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.073996                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.044492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.063759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.063759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             1129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             1239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             104492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            84.335755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst   200.670903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   311.329097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.391935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.608065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           277427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          277427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         136855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          136855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         136855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       138094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       138094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total             1239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                      1212                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                     250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                 498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                      248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                     247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                  496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0               552403500     98.27%     98.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9610000      1.71%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total           562125500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      1.22%      1.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.20%     10.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                  397     68.92%     79.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.17%     79.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.36%     97.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.60%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                   576                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1684055000     95.71%     95.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500      4.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements            12461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          424.572465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             153584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.325175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data   105.453430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   319.119036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.205964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.623279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           356119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          356119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        76496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        79988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       156484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total          156484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       156484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total         156484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data        12663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total         12663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data        12663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total        12663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        82247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        86900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       169147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       169147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.069924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.079540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.121378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.121378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.070810                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070810                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.074864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.074864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total             8107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             4451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             317252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            71.276567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   204.678391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   307.193383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.399762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.599987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           910870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          910870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         448757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          448757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         448757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          4452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         4452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       453209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       453209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       453209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             4451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357342000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357506500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          408.844023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data   407.692630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     1.151393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.796275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.002249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.798523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst          507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests            15                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1092                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          852                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          240                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     31                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                     656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            38162                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             38095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.035070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.215503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   36999     97.12%     97.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                     856      2.25%     99.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     240      0.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               38095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests            12                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3660                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2691                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          969                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                     28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                     528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            49410                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             48967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.094615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.353897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   45303     92.52%     92.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2695      5.50%     98.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     969      1.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               48967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21900                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11186                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1307                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10097                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8982                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1115                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp               8318                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3002                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             48                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3682                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         6992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        14708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         3374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         6894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  31968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       291136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       501648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       136640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       225496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1154920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            52135                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             73912                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.190334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.429846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   60974     82.50%     82.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   11811     15.98%     98.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    1124      1.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               73912                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34282                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16839                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1382                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10479                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9521                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          958                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              10362                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3737                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               91                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             93                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        12600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        37676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  50297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       521472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1333568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1855368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            37956                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             72194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.193132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.427053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   59209     82.01%     82.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   12027     16.66%     98.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                     958      1.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               72194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3702.359896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                       0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   683.650702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           39                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           27                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1975.423735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   977.283890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.001566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.166907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.009521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.006592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.482281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.238595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.903896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.903320                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                 110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                110                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total              7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total             7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            2981.851394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                       0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1175.354978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   372.402635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   587.092690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.001089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.286952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.100098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.090919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.106689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.143333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.727991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.663574                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses                  85                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses                 85                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total                5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total               5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total              7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total             7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks              1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                   1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                8108                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3584.254110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                  5318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                8108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                0.655895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1816.513827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst    25.287384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    34.133561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst     1.297570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     2.074450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   541.020851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   490.340699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   260.414037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   413.171731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.443485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.006174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.008333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.132085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.119712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.063578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.100872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.875062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.770752                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              175624                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             175624                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3002                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         3002                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             29                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1469                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1049                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1979                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               3777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              3777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          156                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          2292                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2213                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             7065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3525                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            7065                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3002                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3002                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          631                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3682                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2829                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1710                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4539                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          10842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         10842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.822785                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.962963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.843243                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.876884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.866878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.874475                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736390                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.601032                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.629198                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.456140                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.731480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.566852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.651633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.731480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.566852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.651633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           5193                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                5193                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements               10259                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3529.718798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 17464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs               10259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.702310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1582.023567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   214.965025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data   116.827657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst   296.205418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data   142.708660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   405.226338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   771.579939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.182193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.386236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.052482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.028522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.072316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.034841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.098932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.188374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.861748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987549                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              281670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             281670                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         3696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2520                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               5750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              5750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          6426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         3380                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         9806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            11426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         9806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           11426                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         6823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         5899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5901                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        12722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          17176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        12722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         17176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.941814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.941814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.363657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.572978                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.572954                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.770791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.665231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.770791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.665231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           3815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                3815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        21571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 21593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       595200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 595536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           23604                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            38089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.617029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.486118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  14587     38.30%     38.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  23502     61.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              38089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                    22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side          400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total          400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                    400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           50541                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            48964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                     12      0.02%      0.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  48952     99.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              48964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              4773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            48                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           44433                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            58862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.745795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.435417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  14963     25.42%     25.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  43899     74.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              58862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              5613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        18166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        13748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        31914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total         9414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 41328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       650176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       324168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       974344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1397128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           20695                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            48121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.429127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  27471     57.09%     57.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  20650     42.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              48121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.000697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks           14                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.875000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           34                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           34                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements            1                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     9.045349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs            1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.620260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.423998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.001089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.163766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.089000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.250000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.565334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses           78                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses           78                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         9899                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.670700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           59                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         9899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.005960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.718643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.001951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.000305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.396115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.758486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     4.276228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.518972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.357415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.087257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.047405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.267264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.094936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.854419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       131425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       131425                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         2275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         7048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3511                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         7048                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         7048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         7048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         5193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         5193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         4436                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.818800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           79                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         4436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.017809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.499270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst     0.727591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data     1.820301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst     0.364395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     1.822170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     3.159897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.425176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.156204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.045474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.113769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.022775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.113886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.197494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.276574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.926175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        78994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        78994                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2286                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3849                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         4400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2837                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         4400                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2291                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         4406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         4406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.997818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998444                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks          650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total          650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8716                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.892677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.763457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.650878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.764133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.883784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.162580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     3.176410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.491436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.235216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.103180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.047758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.055237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.072661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.198526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.280715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       120393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       120393                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          569                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          642                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7070                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         7639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1047                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          620                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2357                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         7639                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          569                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          645                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         7646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         7646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.995349                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996753                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999011                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1659                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1659                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         4798                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    13.138529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         4798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.025123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.002971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.000355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.126719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.366658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.017816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.598191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.689070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.007920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.022916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.099887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.821158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses        61782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses        61782                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         1808                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          354                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          632                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1272                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         2424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998138                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996748                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         4185                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         4185                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              4542421366                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4540066887.169623                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2354478.830377                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4542421451                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      4540066972.125566                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      2354478.874435                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4542421536                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4540067057.081507                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2354478.918493                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4542421621                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4540067142.037449                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2354478.962551                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits               33980                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses            8137                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits              28373                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses           4589                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits               62353                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses           12726                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits              43548                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses          43642                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles                  302174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             166646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps               166646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses       160893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses           245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls               4181                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts        17259                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts              160893                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                  245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads       221950                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes       113625                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs                62617                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts              34184                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts             28433                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      231352.207708                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      70821.792292                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.234374                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.765626                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                    22730                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass         2812      1.69%      1.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu            96697     57.99%     59.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult             153      0.09%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead           35137     21.07%     80.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite          28713     17.22%     98.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess          3216      1.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total            166758                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits               24234                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits              13749                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits               37983                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits              23180                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses          23305                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles              4542421990                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts             137709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps               137709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses       132401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls               2735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts        16770                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts              132401                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads       175525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes       100562                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs                39091                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts              25118                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts             13973                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      3660500458.284890                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      881921531.715110                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.194152                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.805848                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                    20547                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass         2817      2.04%      2.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu            88642     64.19%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead           26160     18.94%     85.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite          13983     10.13%     95.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess          6378      4.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total            138094                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits               83056                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits              88112                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits              171168                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits             161949                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses         162101                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles              4542831433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts             452726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps               452726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses       435758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls               8571                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts        47486                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts              435758                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads       626642                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes       295921                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs               172286                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts              83896                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts             88390                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      1649815473.224033                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      2893015959.775967                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.636831                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.363169                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                    58935                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass         9717      2.14%      2.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu           257966     56.92%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult             513      0.11%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead           86150     19.01%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite          88461     19.52%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess          9003      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total            453209                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles              4542421876                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      4540067396.905274                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      2354479.094725                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5843                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4844                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          227                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          291                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2834                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2826                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        11240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        10197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        21437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        12811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              34277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       337128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       446336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       323272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       323272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1107200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        25374                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         48962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.505351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499976                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               24219     49.46%     49.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               24743     50.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           48962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.027023                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27023105500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2298795319000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                5841002                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5840998                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              748212222                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1317732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    36.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   210958611                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     210958611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        43200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        53312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        41408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       307392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        93504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        40960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         6976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            715136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       117248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        53312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       307392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        40960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       526080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        97088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          97088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              11174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4338806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      1598632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1972830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1532318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     11375154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      3460150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1515740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       258149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst       123154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data        37893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst        18947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data         9473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst       113680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data        66314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst         9473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        33157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             26463872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4338806                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1972830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     11375154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1515740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       123154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        18947                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       113680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         9473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        19467785                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        3592777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3592777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        3592777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      4338806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      1598632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1972830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1532318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     11375154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      3460150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1515740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       258149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst       123154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data        37893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst        18947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data         9473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst       113680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data        66314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst         9473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        33157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            30056649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        57088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       892736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data         7552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       962560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2167808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        57088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        71040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks      1703360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        1703360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        13949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide        15040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              33872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks        26615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             26615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       490247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      5669815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        26052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      2268873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2112563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     33036025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       464195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data       279465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        18947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data       194204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        40262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide       35619888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             80220536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       490247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        26052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2112563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         2628861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks       63033466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            63033466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks       63033466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       490247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      5669815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        26052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      2268873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2112563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     33036025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       464195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data       279465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        18947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data       194204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        40262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide      35619888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           143254002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      31                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2070                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     649     38.00%     38.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    115      6.73%     44.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      1.58%     46.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.06%     46.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    916     53.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1708                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      649     45.04%     45.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     115      7.98%     53.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      27      1.87%     54.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.07%     54.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     649     45.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1441                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             26929072000     99.65%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8625000      0.03%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.00%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               84121000      0.31%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27023305500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.708515                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.843677                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      0.85%      0.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.12%      1.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1404     85.14%     86.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     56      3.40%     89.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.06%     89.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     161      9.76%     99.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.55%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1649                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              178                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.117978                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.207071                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          63866500     50.16%     50.16% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            63465000     49.84%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5689                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          497.948499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             103782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.242573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   497.948499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.972556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           334925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          334925                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        94213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          94213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        61263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         61263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1408                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1408                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       155476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          155476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       155476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         155476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          148                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           92                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        97748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        63655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1500                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1500                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       161403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       161403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.090631                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090631                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.061333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.061333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3370                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3370                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             3267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             470466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           144.005510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.003249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.996645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           956992                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          956992                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       473594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         473594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       473594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          473594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       473594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         473594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          3268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         3268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       476862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       476862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       476862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       476862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       476862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       476862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             3267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      32                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1336                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     238     34.15%     34.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      3.87%     38.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.29%     38.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    430     61.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 697                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      238     47.32%     47.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      27      5.37%     52.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.40%     53.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     236     46.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  503                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             26260190500     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 321000      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               24104000      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         26285938500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.548837                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.721664                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   57      7.16%      7.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.50%      7.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  572     71.86%     79.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     57      7.16%     86.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      96     12.06%     98.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.13%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   796                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              122                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.557377                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.032258                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.618182                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          69050000      5.42%      5.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8354000      0.66%      6.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1196999500     93.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      57                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          427.743572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              38221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.560381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     7.625608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   420.117964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.014894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.820543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           121934                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          121934                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          35141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        20386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        55527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           55527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        55527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          55527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        21200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          568                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          568                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          561                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          561                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        58404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        58404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.038396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.082746                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.082746                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.051693                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051693                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.049260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.049260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1993                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             159145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            79.851982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    33.967284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   478.032716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.066342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.933658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           404411                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          404411                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       199216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         199216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       199216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          199216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       199216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         199216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       201209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       201209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       201209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       201209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       201209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       201209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      77                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     49309                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1145     35.36%     35.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     25      0.77%     36.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      0.83%     36.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   2041     63.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                3238                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1143     48.89%     48.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      25      1.07%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      27      1.15%     51.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1143     48.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2338                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27007256500     99.19%     99.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1787500      0.01%     99.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.00%     99.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              218634000      0.80%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27229001000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998253                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.560020                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.722051                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                        64     76.19%     76.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         6      7.14%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      1.19%     84.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4      4.76%     89.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      1.19%     90.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      1.19%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        3      3.57%     95.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      1.19%     96.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      1.19%     97.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      1.19%     98.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      1.19%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    84                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    8      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   73      0.15%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2958      6.08%      6.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    170      0.35%      6.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      6.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     228      0.47%      7.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  93      0.19%      7.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              45101     92.74%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 48633                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              300                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                203                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                202                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  203                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.673333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.805169                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1879127500      6.71%      6.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         26132296500     93.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      73                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            46010                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.379318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           15055217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            46010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           327.216192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.951916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   507.427402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.001859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.991069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         30250933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        30250933                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     10493030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10493030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4538422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4538422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        12129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     15031452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        15031452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     15031452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       15031452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        22498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        22498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        23694                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        23694                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          590                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          590                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          133                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          133                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        46192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         46192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        46192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        46192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10515528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10515528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4562116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4562116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     15077644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15077644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     15077644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15077644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.005194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.048057                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048057                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.010847                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.010847                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.003064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.003064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        30020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            30020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            76154                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           53293515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            76154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           699.812420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.917352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   509.082648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.005698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.994302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        107062994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       107062994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     53417266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       53417266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     53417266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        53417266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     53417266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       53417266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        76154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        76154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        76154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         76154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        76154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        76154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     53493420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53493420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     53493420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     53493420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     53493420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     53493420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        76154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            76154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      32                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       535                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     132     27.91%     27.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      5.71%     33.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.42%     34.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    312     65.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 473                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      132     45.36%     45.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      27      9.28%     54.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.69%     55.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     130     44.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  291                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             26266148000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 330500      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               18052000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         26285853500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.416667                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.615222                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.60%      0.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  415     82.34%     82.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     57     11.31%     94.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      29      5.75%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   504                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel               32                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          406.146822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               8845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            15.572183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   130.219611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   275.927211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.254335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.538920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.793256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            39856                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           39856                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          11155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         7405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        18560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           18560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        18560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          18560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        11624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         7671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          137                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        19295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        19295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        19295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        19295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.040348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.034676                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034676                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.169014                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.169014                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.167883                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.167883                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1071                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              59912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            55.940243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    44.990146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   467.009854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.087871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.912129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           112977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          112977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        54882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          54882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        54882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           54882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        54882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          54882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        55953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        55953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        55953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        55953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        55953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        55953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.019141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.019141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.019141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1071                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1071                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      28                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                       643                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                     188     31.92%     31.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      4.58%     36.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.17%     36.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                    373     63.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                 589                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                      188     46.65%     46.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                      27      6.70%     53.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.25%     53.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                     187     46.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                  403                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0             26268656000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31               15667500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total         26285811000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.501340                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.684211                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                  533     86.67%     86.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                     54      8.78%     95.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                      28      4.55%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                   615                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel               28                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          410.794757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs               2457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.900322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   410.794757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.802334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.802334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            37838                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses           37838                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        11741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          11741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         6200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          6200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           78                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           78                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data        17941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total           17941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data        17941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total          17941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total           509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total          509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        12178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         6272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        18450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total        18450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        18450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total        18450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.035884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.011480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.223214                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.223214                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.027588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.027588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total               88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs              24965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs           101.897959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.097896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   511.902104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.999809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           114443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          114443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        56854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          56854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        56854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total           56854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        56854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total          56854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        57099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        57099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        57099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total        57099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        57099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total        57099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks          245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total              245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      28                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                       493                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                     114     25.97%     25.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      6.15%     32.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.23%     32.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                    297     67.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                 439                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                      114     44.71%     44.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                      27     10.59%     55.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.39%     55.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                     113     44.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                  255                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0             26269978000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14303000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total         26285768500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.380471                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.580866                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                  383     82.37%     82.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                     54     11.61%     93.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                      28      6.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                   465                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel               28                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          448.848598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs               1195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.690476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   439.848598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.859079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            32633                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           32633                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        10247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          10247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         5365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          5365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           75                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        15612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           15612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        15612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          15612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        10555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         5402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           92                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        15957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        15957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        15957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        15957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.029180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.006849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.110000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.110000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.184783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.184783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.021621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.021621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              184                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs               6811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            37.016304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst    92.051025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   419.948975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.179787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.820213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses            98722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses           98722                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        49085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          49085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        49085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total           49085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        49085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total          49085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        49269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        49269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        49269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total        49269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        49269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total        49269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks          184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total              184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                      28                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                       567                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                     156     30.41%     30.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      5.26%     35.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.19%     35.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                    329     64.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                 513                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                      156     46.02%     46.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                      27      7.96%     53.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.29%     54.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                     155     45.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                  339                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0             26269289500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14949000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total         26285726000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.471125                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.660819                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                  457     84.79%     84.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                     54     10.02%     94.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                      28      5.19%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                   539                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel               28                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          438.460052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               1017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.811429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   438.460052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.856367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.856367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            29280                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses           29280                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         8991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           8991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         4982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           83                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           83                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data        13973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           13973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data        13973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          13973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         9249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         5024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        14273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        14273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        14273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        14273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.027895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.008360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.129310                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.129310                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.201923                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.201923                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.021019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.021019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              200                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs              25040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs           125.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses            83990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses           83990                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        41695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          41695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        41695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total           41695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        41695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total          41695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        41895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        41895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total        41895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        41895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total        41895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.004774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.004774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.004774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks          200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total              200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      28                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                       493                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                     117     26.65%     26.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      6.15%     32.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.46%     33.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                    293     66.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                 439                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                      117     44.49%     44.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                      27     10.27%     54.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.76%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                     117     44.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                  263                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0             26269778500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 195000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14297500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total         26285594000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.399317                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.599089                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                  383     82.37%     82.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                     54     11.61%     93.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                      28      6.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                   465                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel               28                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          451.757472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.378641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data    10.025506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   441.731967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.019581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.862758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.884766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            26904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           26904                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         8358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           8358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         4561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           75                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data        12919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           12919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data        12919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          12919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         8550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         4595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         4595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        13145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        13145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        13145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        13145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.022456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.007399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.054545                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.054545                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.193548                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.193548                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.017193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.017193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              17494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           109.337500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst   101.061651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   405.938349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.197386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.792848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            76596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           76596                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        38058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          38058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        38058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           38058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        38058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          38058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        38218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        38218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        38218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        38218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        38218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        38218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.004187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.004187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.004187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks          160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total              160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 119                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   995328                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        124                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  992                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 992                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               16687                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              16687                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         4170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        31188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        31188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   35358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          675                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         6115                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       995664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       995664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1001779                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                15594                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                15594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               140346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              140346                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        15552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               42                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        15552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           15552                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                15552                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         27955                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14275                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1864                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7108                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6377                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          731                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 691                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              11745                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                531                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               531                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4649                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2931                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              278                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            121                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             399                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2928                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2928                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5261                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         9319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        19905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         5470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  43053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       387264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       593261                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       222528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       265660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1468713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           141760                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            170463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.069687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.271371                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  159333     93.47%     93.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   10383      6.09%     99.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     745      0.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              170463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        248725                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       124033                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        14977                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           35067                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        31373                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3694                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             101065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                492                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               492                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30293                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        66633                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12030                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              266                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            156                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             422                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             23694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            23694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          77225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         23581                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       218166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       137073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 360302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9088768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      4903294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       118144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        63036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                14173242                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           140913                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            390184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.175617                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.404612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  325355     83.39%     83.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   61135     15.67%     99.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    3694      0.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              390184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests          2312                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1111                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          447                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5118                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3058                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2060                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp               1210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 56                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                56                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          120                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean          229                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict              205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               49                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             43                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              92                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq                60                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp               60                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         1394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                   3390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        24576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        38240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        17536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        23712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                  104064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                           139088                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            141316                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.057608                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.288868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                  135235     95.70%     95.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                    4021      2.85%     98.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    2060      1.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              141316                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1584                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          866                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          201                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            4911                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3059                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1852                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp                831                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 56                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                56                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           66                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean          240                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict              146                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             39                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              84                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                31                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp               31                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            360                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           471                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                   2456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        20608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        21152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        17792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        15648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                   75200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                           101876                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples            103067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.070915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.319100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   97610     94.71%     94.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    3605      3.50%     98.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                    1852      1.80%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total              103067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                9762                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3930.810869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  8659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                9762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.887011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1440.937769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.004053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2.007633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2.007251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   425.048952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   559.807542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   772.582256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   724.415413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.351791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.103772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.136672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.188619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.176859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.959671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3923                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957764                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              221429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             221429                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4649                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4649                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4267                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         4267                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          219                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             263                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1229                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1149                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2378                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1546                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          955                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2501                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1149                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          999                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          220                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          258                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1946                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          713                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2659                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2039                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          844                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2883                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2061                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3133                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             8675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2039                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4007                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            8675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4649                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4649                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4267                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4267                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          220                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          261                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          757                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2922                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3268                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1993                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5261                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3607                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2027                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5634                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          13817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         13817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.926829                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988506                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.898845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.941876                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.909993                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.623929                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.423482                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.547995                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.571389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.528860                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.556088                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.623929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.694213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.423482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.641164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.627850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.623929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.694213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.423482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.641164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.627850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5884                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5884                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               21993                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3960.089849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                177688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               21993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                8.079298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1107.483766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    42.759891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    25.695698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    29.827747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    13.902896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   948.033768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1554.063909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   209.345957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    28.976217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.270382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.010439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.006273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.007282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.003394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.231454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.379410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.051110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.007074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.966819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4025                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982666                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             1916020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            1916020                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        30293                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        30293                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        66633                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        66633                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        16792                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           16807                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        70454                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          425                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        70879                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        13612                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          247                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        13859                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        70454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        30404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             101545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        70454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        30404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            101545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          160                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          185                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          134                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6657                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6847                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5700                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6346                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9367                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9561                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            22754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5700                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           22754                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        30293                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        30293                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        66633                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        66633                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          164                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23449                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        23654                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        76154                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1071                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        77225                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        22979                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          441                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        23420                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        76154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        46428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         124299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        76154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        46428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        124299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.975610                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.978836                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.983471                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985294                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.283893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.289465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.074848                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.603175                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.082175                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.407633                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.439909                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.408241                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.074848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.345137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.603175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.594427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.183059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.074848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.345137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.603175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.594427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.183059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           6648                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                6648                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                  93                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3288.162234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                   110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                  93                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                1.182796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1519.762479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     9.097893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data           15                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   463.795801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   279.215932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   402.409115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   595.881015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.371036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.002221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.003662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.113231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.068168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.098244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.145479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.802774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.805176                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses               15541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses              15541                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          229                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total          229                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          193                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          174                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          367                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          261                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          456                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data          195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total                826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          193                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data          264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data          195                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total               826                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total            52                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          182                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          295                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total              409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total             409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          229                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          229                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          184                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          429                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          308                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total           1235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total          1235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.945455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.212245                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.054348                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.144522                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.410835                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.366883                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.392810                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.212245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.452282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.054348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.398148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.331174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.212245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.452282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.054348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.398148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.331174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks             49                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                  49                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                 143                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3727.286499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                   138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                 143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                0.965035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1468.041042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   451.730922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   704.850209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   414.725979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   678.938348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.358408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.110286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.172083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.101251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.165756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.909982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.913086                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses               11461                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses              11461                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           66                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           66                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          240                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total          240                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          150                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          142                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          292                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           98                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          248                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data           99                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          151                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total               542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total            29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          210                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total              307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           46                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total             307                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           66                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           66                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          240                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total          240                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          200                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          160                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          360                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          271                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          187                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          458                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total            849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total           849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.112500                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.188889                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.638376                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.197861                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.458515                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.660959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.112500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.233503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.361602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.660959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.112500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.233503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.361602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks             53                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                  53                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                950                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             14340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2807                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        15552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        15552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        11123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        15292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        28859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        18989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        20715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        45245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        46781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 96355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       302400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       628224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3241                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       933865                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       522432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2874                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       525306                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        32768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       965248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       998016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                2457187                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           87498                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           151003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.576863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494058                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  63895     42.31%     42.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  87108     57.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             151003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             16166                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           12195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        15907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        66628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        66628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 66628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1882042                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1882042                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1882042                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          119013                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           161519                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.734991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.441339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  42804     26.50%     26.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 118715     73.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             161519                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp               357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                56                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               56                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           49                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict              35                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              59                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            43                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             97                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq               47                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp              42                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side         1198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total         1198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                  1198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        29120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        29120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                  29120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                          139040                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples           139501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.995369                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.067892                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                    646      0.46%      0.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                 138855     99.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total             139501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp             10532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                56                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               56                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            24359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           24238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         1015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       102580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       102580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                103595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        13568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        23488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      3905600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      3905600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                3929088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           33432                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples           101876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.324699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.468264                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  68797     67.53%     67.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  33079     32.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total             101876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        22267                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.389093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           53                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        22267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.002380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.612621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.652511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.117697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.001745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.850789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.103282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.007356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.250000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       353126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       353126                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        20584                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20584                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1892                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          678                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1147                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          334                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1740                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        15040                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        15040                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3039                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1012                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4310                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        20584                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20584                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1893                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          679                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1147                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1741                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        15040                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        15040                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998527                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997015                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999426                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        20576                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        20576                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        22262                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.483838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        22262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.009568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.969213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.835480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     9.606782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.030863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.041500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.310576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.052218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.600424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       364691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       364691                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6648                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6648                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          211                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          134                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6637                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          182                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6819                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5700                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9356                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        15896                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        22715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5700                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15993                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          376                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        22715                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6648                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6648                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          211                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6638                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5700                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        15907                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        16005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        22728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        16005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        22728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999849                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994536                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999707                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999308                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         6631                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         6631                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements          276                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse     6.618944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           28                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs          276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.101449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.387861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.845705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.760755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.542128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     3.082494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.086741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.052857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.047547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.033883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.192656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.413684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses         5088                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses         5088                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           49                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           49                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total           58                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          182                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          124                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total          399                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           49                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           49                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          357                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total           51                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          119                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    11.944033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           19                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.159664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     6.463680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     2.444903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.699344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     2.336107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.403980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.152806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.043709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.146007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.746502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses         2853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses         2853                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          202                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          109                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           28                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total          205                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          202                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total          205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total          205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         7792                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.224754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         7792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.027336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.644712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.103200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.807650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.084462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.001663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.733468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.314370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.848627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.241554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.267708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.061586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.115647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.352794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.193950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.175478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.045842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.019648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.053039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.015097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.016732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.007228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       107350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       107350                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          676                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          676                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          111                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data           34                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          111                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          136                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          166                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4803                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1515                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          640                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          133                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7332                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         7498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4803                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1667                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          137                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data           43                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           50                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data           31                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         7498                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          676                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          676                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4808                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1524                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         7609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         7609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994094                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.990712                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.582090                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.476923                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.823529                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.985087                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.990712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.951389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.605634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.980392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.476923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.222222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.985412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.990712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.951389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.605634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.980392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.476923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.222222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.985412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          665                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          665                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        36769                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.797010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           67                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        36769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.001822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.967056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.060754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.005354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.084429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     9.602065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.072068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.372941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.003797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.005277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.600129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.004504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       604109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       604109                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        26582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        26582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           20                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          148                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1892                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          676                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6410                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        15040                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        24211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1128                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          892                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        15040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        34465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3020                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1006                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          892                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13967                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          196                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          118                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        15040                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        34465                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        26582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        26582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1892                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          676                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6420                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        15040                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        24222                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1128                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          330                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          892                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7566                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10263                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        15040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        34485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        15040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        34485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999546                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998810                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999123                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks        26562                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total        26562                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               99708                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           28572                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              65748                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          16469                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              165456                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           45041                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             154162                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         154283                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                54046242                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             476705                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               476705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       459895                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           348                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              23704                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        43107                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              459895                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  348                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       614939                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       341832                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               166044                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             100197                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             65847                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      53569289.724446                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      476952.275554                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.008825                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.991175                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    71972                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         5527      1.16%      1.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           289921     60.80%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             45      0.01%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          104090     21.83%     83.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          66183     13.88%     97.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         10581      2.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            476862                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               37235                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1883                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              21704                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               39                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            922                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               58939                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2805                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              29738                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          29863                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                52571909                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             200823                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               200823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       193304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           239                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               5164                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        22007                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              193304                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  239                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       258767                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       147727                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                60066                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              38114                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             21952                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      52376098.225677                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      195810.774323                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.003725                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.996275                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    29351                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         3066      1.52%      1.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           127754     63.49%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             389      0.19%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             32      0.02%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           39386     19.57%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          21974     10.92%     95.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          8605      4.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            201209                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            10482374                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               281                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        10256918                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            4574801                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              124                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        4423137                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            15057175                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               405                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        14680055                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           52305304                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              219                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       52305523                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                54458090                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           53493015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             53493015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     51197968                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses        280850                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             749207                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      6834466                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            51197968                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts               280850                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     71834772                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     39286433                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads       267303                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes       177083                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             15103521                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           10528341                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           4575180                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      556855.314184                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      53901234.685816                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.989775                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.010225                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  8932866                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       888493      1.66%      1.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         37267811     69.67%     71.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           27626      0.05%     71.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     71.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd          65934      0.12%     71.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt          57311      0.11%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        10544410     19.71%     91.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        4575561      8.55%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         66270      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          53493420                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               11753                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              18                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               7843                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               19596                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              18                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               6418                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           6418                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                52571739                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              55951                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                55951                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        53614                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2428                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         4279                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               53614                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        73201                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        40825                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                19653                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              11772                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              7881                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      52517343.619415                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      54395.380585                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001035                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998965                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     7743                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          450      0.80%      0.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            33179     59.30%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             178      0.32%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.02%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           12047     21.53%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           7885     14.09%     96.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          2203      3.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             55953                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits               12290                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits               6408                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits               18698                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits               7225                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses           7225                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles                52571650                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts              57099                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps                57099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses        54792                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls               2280                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts         4325                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts               54792                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads        75140                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes        43584                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs                18726                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts              12290                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts              6436                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      52516136.087340                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      55513.912660                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.001056                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.998944                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                     7760                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass          260      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu            35095     61.46%     61.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult             189      0.33%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead           12511     21.91%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite           6436     11.27%     95.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess          2608      4.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total             57099                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits               10655                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits               5528                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits               16183                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits               5875                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses           5875                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles                52571565                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts              49269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps                49269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses        47320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls               1990                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts         3810                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts               47320                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads        64905                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes        37546                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs                16211                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts              10655                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts              5556                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      52523667.536252                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      47897.463748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.000911                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.999089                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                     6781                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass          250      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu            30418     61.74%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult             185      0.38%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead           10852     22.03%     84.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite           5556     11.28%     95.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess          2008      4.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total             49269                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits                9365                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits               5166                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits               14531                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits               6541                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses           6541                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles                52571480                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts              41895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps                41895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses        39905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls               1764                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts         2830                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts               39905                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads        54023                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes        31648                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs                14559                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts               9365                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts              5194                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      52530755.403172                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      40724.596828                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.000775                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.999225                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                     5534                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass          243      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu            24438     58.33%     58.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult             139      0.33%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead            9577     22.86%     82.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite           5194     12.40%     94.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess          2304      5.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total             41895                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits                8660                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits               4730                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits               13390                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits               5875                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses           5875                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles                52571216                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts              38218                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps                38218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses        36411                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls               1626                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts         2686                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts               36411                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads        49110                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes        28747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs                13418                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts               8660                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts              4758                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      52534068.257322                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      37147.742678                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000707                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999293                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                     5170                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass          231      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu            22229     58.16%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult             135      0.35%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead            8856     23.17%     82.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite           4759     12.45%     94.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess          2008      5.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total             38218                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             259                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          18454                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            604                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           604                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27258                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        10478                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          518                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          252                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          646                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         24520                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        24474                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        18195                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        60386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        60386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        21082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        42935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        64017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total         1178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             126262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      2555264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      2555264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       516026                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1364096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1880122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        18560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        10688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        29248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        13568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        13568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             4478202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        54835                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        139227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.390578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.487882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               84848     60.94%     60.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               54379     39.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          139227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.053827                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53826942500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2352622261500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1773741                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1773741                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               89649184                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1317732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   600.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1064984923                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1064984923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         4928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        70720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        23488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         8256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst        13376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data         2752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst         2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst        13952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            166208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         4928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        70720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         8256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst        13376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst         2112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst        13952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         1344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       128448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        13696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          13696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           77                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst          209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst          218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               2597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       255634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        74907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        91553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        19024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1313840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       436361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       153380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        49938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst       248500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data        51127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst        39237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        10701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst       259201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data        47560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst        24969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        11890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              3087822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       255634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        91553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1313840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       153380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       248500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        39237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       259201                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst        24969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2386314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks         254445                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              254445                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks         254445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       255634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        74907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        91553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        19024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1313840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       436361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       153380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        49938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst       248500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data        51127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst        39237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        10701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst       259201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data        47560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst        24969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        11890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             3342267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         6848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        15616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        12224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       202304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        20032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         6976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data        17536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        23360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         6976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            365760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         6848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        12224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         6976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         6976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        38528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       234496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         234496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           84                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst          109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data          274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst          109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data          266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data          242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               5715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         3664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              3664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       127223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       290115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       294871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       227098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      3758415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        99876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       372156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst       129601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data       325785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data       433983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst       129601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data       316273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data       287737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              6795110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       127223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       227098                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        99876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       129601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       129601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total          715775                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks        4356480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             4356480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks        4356480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       127223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       290115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         2378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       294871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       227098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      3758415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        99876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       372156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst       129601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data       325785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data       433983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst       129601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data       316273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data       287737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            11151590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    903893                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  300367     49.95%     49.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     38      0.01%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     56      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     13      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 300866     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              601340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   300367     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      38      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      56      0.01%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      13      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                  300356     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               600830                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             46076857000     85.65%     85.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                2850000      0.01%     85.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2744000      0.01%     85.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2083000      0.00%     85.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7714973000     14.34%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         53799507000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998305                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999152                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::256                  100000     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::257                  200000     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                300001                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               301122     33.32%     33.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    113      0.01%     33.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                  300111     33.21%     66.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys              300002     33.20%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               2403      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                903754                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel           300112                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user             300038                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel             300038                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user               300038                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999753                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999877                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       53606364000     67.07%     67.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user         26323204000     32.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           206644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          492.300240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14530736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           206644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            70.317725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   492.300240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.961524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         67652274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        67652274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19937399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       19937399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     13576870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13576870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          554                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          554                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     33514269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        33514269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     33514269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       33514269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       196014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       196014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          111                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          111                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       207022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        207022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       207022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       207022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     20133413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20133413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     13587878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13587878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          665                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          665                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     33721291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     33721291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     33721291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     33721291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.123944                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.123944                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.166917                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.166917                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            12901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           50362705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         30916.332106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        212035283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       212035283                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    106015198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      106015198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    106015198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       106015198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    106015198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      106015198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    106016827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    106016827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    106016827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    106016827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    106016827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    106016827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    922698                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                  307449     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     56      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     13      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                 307836     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total              615354                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                   307449     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      56      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      13      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                  307439     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total               614957                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             46886292000     85.62%     85.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2744000      0.01%     85.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2049000      0.00%     85.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7867960500     14.37%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54759045500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998710                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999355                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::256                  102400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::257                  204800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                307201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                    2      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl               308014     33.39%     33.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    112      0.01%     33.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                  307271     33.30%     66.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys              307202     33.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  3      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                922605                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel           307261                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user             307244                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 12                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel             307245                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user               307244                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999948                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.083333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999956                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       27281237500     33.83%     33.83% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user         26467520000     32.82%     66.64% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         26905163500     33.36%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       2                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           192940                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.862387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            5947385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           192940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.825049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2.029715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   465.832672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.003964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.909829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.916016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         68746112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        68746112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     20254803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20254803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     13827681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13827681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          236                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          236                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          208                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          208                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     34082484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        34082484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     34082484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       34082484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       185529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       193363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        193363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       193363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       193363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     20440332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20440332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     13835515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13835515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     34275847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34275847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     34275847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34275847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.000566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.132353                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.132353                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.218045                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.218045                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.005641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.005641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             8083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1387                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           34598804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         24945.064167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    22.008403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   489.991597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.042985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.957015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        215007351                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       215007351                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    107501595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      107501595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    107501595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       107501595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    107501595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      107501595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    107502982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    107502982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    107502982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    107502982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    107502982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    107502982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1387                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1387                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    904391                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  300438     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     56      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      9      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 300827     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              601330                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   300438     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      56      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       9      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  300431     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               600934                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             46113953500     85.67%     85.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2744000      0.01%     85.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1236500      0.00%     85.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7708915000     14.32%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         53826849000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998684                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999341                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        8      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        8      0.00%      0.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                  100000     33.33%     33.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                  200000     66.66%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                300020                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   70      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   28      0.00%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               301160     33.31%     33.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    121      0.01%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                  300106     33.20%     66.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys              300033     33.19%     99.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               2491      0.28%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                904009                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel           300134                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user             300078                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel             300078                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user               300078                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999813                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999907                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       27499050500     51.09%     51.09% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         26327798500     48.91%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      28                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           188045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          503.353586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           32323368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           188045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           171.891664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   503.353586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.983112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         67718389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        67718389                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     19968632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       19968632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     13605340                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13605340                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     33573972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        33573972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     33573972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       33573972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       181450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          276                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          276                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       188804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        188804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       188804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       188804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     20150082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20150082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     13612694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13612694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          981                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          981                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          979                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          979                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     33762776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     33762776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     33762776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     33762776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.009005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.281346                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.281346                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.179775                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.179775                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        63781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            63781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             6129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           79860936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         13030.010768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        212292443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       212292443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    106137028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      106137028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    106137028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       106137028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    106137028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      106137028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          6129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         6129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    106143157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    106143157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    106143157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    106143157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    106143157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    106143157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             6129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    922775                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                  307454     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     56      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     10      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                 307846     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total              615366                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                   307454     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      56      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      10      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                  307451     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total               614971                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             46869427000     85.62%     85.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2744000      0.01%     85.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1528500      0.00%     85.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7868979000     14.37%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54742678500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998717                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999358                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::256                  102400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::257                  204800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                307201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   23      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    6      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl               308029     33.39%     33.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    115      0.01%     33.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                  307271     33.30%     66.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys              307202     33.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  3      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                922649                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel           307277                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user             307249                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel             307249                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user               307249                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999909                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999954                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       55260013500     67.62%     67.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user         26464071500     32.38%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       6                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           175464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          459.303822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           19887053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           175464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           113.339790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    67.678682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   391.625140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.132185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.764893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.897078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         68733204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        68733204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     20277438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20277438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     13824803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13824803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     34102241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        34102241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     34102241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       34102241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       164622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        11179                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11179                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           71                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           71                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       175801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        175801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       175801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       175801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     20442060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20442060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     13835982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13835982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     34278042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34278042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     34278042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34278042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.008053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.000808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.371429                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.371429                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.226837                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.226837                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.005129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.005129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            13027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           36540459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         22118.921913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    18.016562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   493.983438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.035189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.964811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        215012648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       215012648                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    107503846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      107503846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    107503846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       107503846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    107503846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      107503846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    107505498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    107505498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    107505498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    107505498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    107505498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    107505498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                    903498                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                  300247     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                     56      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                     13      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                 300630     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total              600946                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                   300247     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                      56      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                      13      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                  300241     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total               600557                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0             47053523000     85.95%     85.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2744000      0.01%     85.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2019000      0.00%     85.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7684435000     14.04%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54742721000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998706                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999353                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::256                  100000     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::257                  200000     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                300001                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl               300806     33.30%     33.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                    112      0.01%     33.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                  300071     33.22%     66.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys              300002     33.21%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdunique               2403      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                903397                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel           300074                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user             300040                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel             300040                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user               300040                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999887                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999943                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       54314323000     67.36%     67.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user         26319714000     32.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements           199450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          448.783314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs           14538916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           199450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.895041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   448.783314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.876530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.837891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         67588528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses        67588528                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data     19923129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       19923129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data     13570836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13570836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          208                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          208                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data     33493965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total        33493965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data     33493965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total       33493965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       192026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         7829                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7829                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           54                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           54                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       199855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total        199855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       199855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total       199855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data     20115155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20115155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data     13578665                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13578665                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data     33693820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total     33693820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data     33693820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total     33693820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.009546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.000577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.133080                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.133080                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.206107                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.206107                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.005932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.005932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             9796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             1417                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           51798900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         36555.328158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses        211862319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses       211862319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst    105929034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      105929034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst    105929034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total       105929034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst    105929034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total      105929034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          1417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         1417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst    105930451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    105930451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst    105930451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total    105930451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst    105930451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total    105930451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1417                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             1417                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                    922703                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                  307451     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                     56      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                     13      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                 307837     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total              615357                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                   307451     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                      56      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                      13      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                  307443     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total               614963                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0             46869535500     85.62%     85.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2744000      0.01%     85.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2054000      0.00%     85.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7868430000     14.37%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54742763500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998720                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999360                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::256                  102400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::257                  204800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::total                307201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl               308016     33.39%     33.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                    112      0.01%     33.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                  307272     33.30%     66.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::callsys              307202     33.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdunique                  3      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                922609                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel           307275                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user             307240                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel             307240                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user               307240                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999886                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999943                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       54919305000     67.48%     67.48% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user         26465059000     32.52%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements           190698                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          412.055167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs            9170398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           190698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            48.088590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     2.023788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   410.031379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.003953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.800843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.804795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.826172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         68749076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses        68749076                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data     20258545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20258545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data     13828700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13828700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data     34087245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total        34087245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data     34087245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total       34087245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       183138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         8044                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8044                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data       191182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total        191182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data       191182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total       191182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     20441683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20441683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     13836744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13836744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     34278427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34278427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     34278427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34278427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.008959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.000581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.139706                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.139706                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.258303                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.258303                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             8113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             1539                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           36581269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         23769.505523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst    75.980438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   436.019562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.148399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.851601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses        215004465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses       215004465                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst    107499924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      107499924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst    107499924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total       107499924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst    107499924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total      107499924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          1539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         1539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst    107501463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    107501463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst    107501463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total    107501463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst    107501463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total    107501463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total             1539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                    903496                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                  300247     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                     56      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                     13      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                 300634     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total              600950                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                   300247     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                      56      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                      13      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                  300236     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total               600552                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0             47053643500     85.95%     85.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2744000      0.01%     85.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2108000      0.00%     85.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7684310500     14.04%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54742806000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998676                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999338                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::256                  100000     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::257                  200000     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::total                300001                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl               300810     33.30%     33.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                    112      0.01%     33.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                  300071     33.22%     66.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::callsys              300002     33.21%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdunique               2403      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                903401                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel           300074                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user             300038                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel             300038                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user               300038                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999880                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999940                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       53973867500     67.22%     67.22% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user         26317956000     32.78%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements           178603                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.283946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs            2422367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           178603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.562857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   467.283946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.912664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         67567480                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses        67567480                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data     19939077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       19939077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data     13575635                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13575635                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          232                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          232                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data     33514712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total        33514712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data     33514712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total       33514712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       175957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       175957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         3055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           64                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           64                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data       179012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total        179012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data       179012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total       179012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data     20115034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20115034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data     13578690                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13578690                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data     33693724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total     33693724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data     33693724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total     33693724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.008748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.000225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.121212                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.121212                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.244275                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.244275                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.005313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.005313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total             3204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             1350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs           51783111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs         38357.860000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses        211855926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses       211855926                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst    105925938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      105925938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst    105925938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total       105925938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst    105925938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total      105925938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          1350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         1350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst    105927288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    105927288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst    105927288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total    105927288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst    105927288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total    105927288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             1350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                    922745                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                  307463     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                     56      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                     24      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                 307856     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total              615399                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                   307463     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                      56      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                      24      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                  307463     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total               615006                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0             46869286000     85.62%     85.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2744000      0.01%     85.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2440500      0.00%     85.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7868423000     14.37%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54742893500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999361                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::256                  102400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::257                  204800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::total                307201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl               308059     33.39%     33.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                    112      0.01%     33.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                  307271     33.30%     66.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::callsys              307202     33.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdunique                  3      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                922651                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel           307274                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user             307241                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel             307241                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user               307241                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999893                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999946                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       54579487000     67.35%     67.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user         26464363000     32.65%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements           176680                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.868961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs           22560025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           176680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           127.688618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     7.019670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   482.849292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.013710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.943065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.956775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         68731858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses        68731858                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data     20275320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20275320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data     13824438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13824438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data     34099758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total        34099758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data     34099758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total       34099758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       165725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       165725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data        11354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data       177079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total        177079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data       177079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total       177079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data     20441045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20441045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data     13835792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13835792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data     34276837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34276837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data     34276837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34276837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.008107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.362676                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.362676                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.283154                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.283154                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.005166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.005166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total            11503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements             1376                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse          508.001020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs           36555194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs         26566.274709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst    90.988748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   417.012272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.177712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.814477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses        214999436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses       214999436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst    107497648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      107497648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst    107497648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total       107497648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst    107497648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total      107497648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total          1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst    107499028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    107499028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst    107499028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total    107499028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst    107499028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total    107499028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total             1376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  234                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 234                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 796                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                796                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          419                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          199                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         6042                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     6042                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests        806294                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       403352                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        31409                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2787                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2358                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          429                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 234                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             384917                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20984                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           348660                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            169                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             394                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             18617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            18617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3016                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        381667                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         4118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       601333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       570725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                1179726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       159296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     14071426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       138432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     12891760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                27260914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            26194                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            832461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.079754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.272808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  766498     92.08%     92.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   65534      7.87%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     429      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              832461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        744316                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       372053                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        17245                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8697                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7482                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1215                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             354246                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        76808                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5414                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           272001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             464                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             18316                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            18316                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           7781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        346465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        16756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       553919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       525826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                1100721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       680128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     16173744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       164352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     12089736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                29107960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            30753                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            774264                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.057735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.239886                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  730779     94.38%     94.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   42268      5.46%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    1217      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              774264                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests        787294                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       393790                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        26013                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5258                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3957                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1301                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp             378193                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17909                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1570                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict           347632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              136                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             260                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             15737                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            15737                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        375237                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         3516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       583709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         3966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       564578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                1155769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       134336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     13417128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       155328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     12752496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                26459288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            30736                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            817537                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.072181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.264866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                  759827     92.94%     92.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   56409      6.90%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    1301      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              817537                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests        717108                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       358709                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        14183                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3533                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2486                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1047                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp             344547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1437                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict           327715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            143                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             331                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             14221                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            14221                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2730                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        341817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       526219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         3563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       529219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                1062335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       126976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     11660328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       139712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     12068464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                23995480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            23629                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples            740266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.045004                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.214027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                  707998     95.64%     95.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   31221      4.22%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                    1047      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total              740266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                1256                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3941.270325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  5305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                1256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                4.223726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1291.323188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   471.922515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   644.765905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   711.942244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   813.316473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.315264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.115215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.157414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.173814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.198564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.962224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3944                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses             6217452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses            6217452                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        20984                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20984                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1636                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         1636                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10483                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         7495                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           17978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1307                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1308                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2615                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       195658                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       185116                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       380774                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       206141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       192611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total             401367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       206141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       192611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total            401367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          168                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           56                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          224                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          253                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           441                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           79                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          436                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          369                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          805                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          557                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1647                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        20984                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20984                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1636                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1636                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           56                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7683                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        18419                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1629                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1387                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3016                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       196094                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       185485                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       381579                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       206830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       193168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total         403014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       206830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       193168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total        403014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023566                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.024470                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.023943                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.197667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.056957                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.132958                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002223                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.001989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.197667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.056957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.002884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.004087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.197667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.056957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.002884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks            430                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                 430                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                5949                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3945.540515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 81611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                5949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               13.718440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2223.071931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2.000974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.001199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   698.841123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   639.145760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   137.045260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   244.434268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.542742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.170616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.156041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.033458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.059676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.963267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974854                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             5840154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            5840154                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        76808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        76808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5414                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5414                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        10930                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           15435                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4832                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1439                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         6271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       179988                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       164181                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       344169                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       184493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       175111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             365875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       184493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       175111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            365875                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          146                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2679                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          178                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          2857                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1297                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          213                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1510                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          449                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2064                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             6431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            6431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        76808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        76808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5414                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5414                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7184                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        11108                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        18292                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6129                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1652                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         7781                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       181603                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       164630                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       346233                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       188787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       175738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         372306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       188787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       175738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        372306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.977273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.944444                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.973333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.975000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994652                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.372912                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016024                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.156188                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.211617                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.128935                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.194062                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008893                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.002727                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005961                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.211617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.128935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.003568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.017273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.211617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.128935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.003568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           2645                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                2645                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                 794                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3665.278114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                  1451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                 794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                1.827456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1468.517026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     6.985346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    14.968567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   527.819823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   525.839404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   386.927077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   731.220871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.358525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.001705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.003654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.128862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.128379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.094465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.178521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.894843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912598                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses             6105453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses            6105453                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17909                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17909                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1570                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         1570                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         7482                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         7578                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total           15060                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         1092                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         1503                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2595                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       191589                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       182777                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       374366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data       199071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data       190355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total             392021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         1092                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data       199071                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         1503                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data       190355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total            392021                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           52                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          135                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           53                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total           452                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          325                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          361                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          468                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          849                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             1662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          668                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            1662                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17909                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17909                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1570                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1570                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          135                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           53                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         7647                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         7865                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        15512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1417                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1539                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2956                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       192057                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       183158                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       375215                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       199704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       191023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total         393683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       199704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       191023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total        393683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.021577                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.036491                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.029139                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.229358                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.023392                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.122124                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.002437                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.002080                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.002263                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.229358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.003170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.023392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.003497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.004222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.229358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.003170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.023392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.003497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks            382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                 382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                1054                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3891.518633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 12023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                1054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs               11.407021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1353.121646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data     5.984572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   524.577395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   802.999302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   389.212726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   812.622991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.330352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.001461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.128071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.196045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.095023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.198394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.950078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.952637                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses             5637442                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses            5637442                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        14707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1437                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         1437                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2698                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        10934                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total           13632                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         1019                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         1359                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2378                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       175516                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data       165412                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       340928                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       178214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data       176346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total             356938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         1019                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       178214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         1359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data       176346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total            356938                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          131                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           393                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          331                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          352                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          396                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          867                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             1612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            1612                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        14707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1437                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1437                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2888                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        11137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        14025                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1350                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         1380                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2730                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       175987                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       165808                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       341795                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       178875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       176945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total         358550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       178875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         1380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       176945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total        358550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.065789                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.018228                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.028021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.245185                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.015217                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.128938                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.002676                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.245185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.003695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.015217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.003385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.004496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.245185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.003695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.015217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.003385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks            444                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                 444                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              3972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         3281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         6144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         7461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 13605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        33536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        95936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2034                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       131506                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       178112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       182120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 313626                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           20197                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            28308                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.701780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.457484                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   8442     29.82%     29.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  19866     70.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              28308                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              3574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3047                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2871                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2847                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        19815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        19815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 19815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       582008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       582008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 582008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           25235                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            36605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.649529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.477124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  12829     35.05%     35.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  23776     64.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              36605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              1210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side         5062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total         5062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                  5062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       131864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       131864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 131864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           30021                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            32324                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.906757                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.290778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                   3014      9.32%      9.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  29310     90.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              32324                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              3643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         3284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         1974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         5258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        18254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        18254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 23512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        96704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        35928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       132632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       558848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       558848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                 691480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                            9484                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            25221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.365925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.481698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  15992     63.41%     63.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                   9229     36.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              25221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         1049                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.378276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           74                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         1049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.070543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.313666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.960298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.102028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.644604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.122519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.131377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.898642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        16515                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        16515                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           73                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          326                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          286                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          721                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          498                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1079                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          286                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          721                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks          419                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total          419                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         5598                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.122543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         5598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.040193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.596140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.420201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.161090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.200311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.744802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.412259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.151263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.072568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.012519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.046550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.695159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       108693                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       108693                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2645                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2645                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          156                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2669                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          178                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2847                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1297                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          449                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3561                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         6408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1297                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          213                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         6408                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2645                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2645                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2669                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          178                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2847                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          213                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          449                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3574                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         6421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         6421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991950                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996363                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         2629                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         2629                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         1344                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.002429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         1344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.103423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.578410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.049443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     2.205084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.165509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.661151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.137818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.010344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.812652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses        23139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses        23139                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          382                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          382                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           52                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           84                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          136                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           53                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total          451                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          325                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          468                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          325                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          633                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          667                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         1661                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          382                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          382                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           84                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           53                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          451                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          468                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          381                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1210                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         1661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks          380                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total          380                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          362                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.781097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           88                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.243094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.641520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     4.940577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     2.060089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.060436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     5.078476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.165095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.308786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.128756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.317405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.923819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses         9080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses         9080                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           34                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           34                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           70                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          222                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          137                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          500                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total          510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          222                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          144                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total          510                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           34                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           34                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          222                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          137                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          500                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total          510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total          510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks           34                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total           34                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2454                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    12.011453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.074980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.832390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.857858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.674074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.257588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.310726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.038485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.002420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.008963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.023289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.000312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.114524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.491116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.104630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.016099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.019420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.002405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.001456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.750716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        33087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        33087                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          204                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          204                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data           24                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          129                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           73                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           74                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1105                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          568                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           69                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          209                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          218                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           57                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2532                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data          608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1105                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data          608                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          129                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          209                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           24                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          218                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data           57                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           33                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2579                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          204                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          204                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          571                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           82                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          222                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           81                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2661                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           85                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           81                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           85                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           81                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.650943                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.967593                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.829268                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.511628                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.981982                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.703704                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.687500                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.951522                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.657407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.967593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.835294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.533333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.981982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.703704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.687500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.952363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.657407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.967593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.835294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.533333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.981982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.703704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.687500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.952363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          204                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          204                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         5531                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.429630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           52                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         5531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.009402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.173841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.023354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.038359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.152176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.016239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.001086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.011735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.010141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.760865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.002397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.134511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.901852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       100256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       100256                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3258                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3258                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2490                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          261                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         3054                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          222                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          202                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          774                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          277                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          109                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          212                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         5478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          371                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          263                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          191                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3264                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           84                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          340                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          109                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          274                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          473                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         5478                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3258                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3258                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2492                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3056                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          223                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          202                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          278                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          109                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          248                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          212                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2433                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           84                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         5489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           84                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         5489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999197                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996139                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996403                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.983871                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996301                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.985612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.985612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         3254                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         3254                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            20131857                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                21                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses         7494107                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           13888806                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                2                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses        2867362                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            34020663                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                23                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        10361469                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits           63766093                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                9                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses       63766102                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               107598974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          106016804                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            106016804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses     84857034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses      22695372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            3253428                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts      6197485                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts            84857034                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts             22695372                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    135822035                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes     60304269                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads     26312686                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     18352878                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             34023264                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           20134378                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          13888886                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1636220.989075                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      105962753.010925                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.984793                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.015207                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 10984035                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass      4712204      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu         46261023     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             567      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd        9068709      8.55%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        1145600      1.08%     57.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        1297603      1.22%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult       3506400      3.31%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         239201      0.23%     62.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt         51200      0.05%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        20136121     18.99%     81.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       13889000     13.10%     94.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       5709199      5.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         106016827                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits            20440585                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                16                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses         7517494                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           14143051                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                1                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses        2867361                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits            34583636                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                17                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses        10384855                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits           64314472                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                7                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses       64314479                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               109518162                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          107502965                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            107502965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses     86204808                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses      22788866                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            3280617                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts      6278581                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts            86204808                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts             22788866                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    137775975                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes     61320132                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads     26378885                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes     18419778                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs             34583748                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts           20440620                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          14143128                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      153520.307155                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      109364641.692845                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.998598                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.001402                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 11111964                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass      4762345      4.43%      4.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu         46940257     43.66%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             419      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd        9109809      8.47%     56.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        1143400      1.06%     57.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        1314203      1.22%     58.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult       3516400      3.27%     62.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv         239001      0.22%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt         51200      0.05%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead        20441161     19.01%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       14143132     13.16%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       5841655      5.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         107502982                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            20148296                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               172                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         7495949                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           13913697                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               52                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        2869236                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            34061993                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               224                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        10365185                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           63774781                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       63774875                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               107653891                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          106142933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            106142933                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     84980989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses      22692689                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            3252477                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      6221070                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            84980989                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts             22692689                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    135992430                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     60380743                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     26306913                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes     18349324                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             34065202                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           20151235                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          13913967                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1510640.084166                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      106143250.915834                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.985968                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.014032                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 11006330                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      4717080      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         46340270     43.66%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             879      0.00%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        9067589      8.54%     56.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp        1145800      1.08%     57.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        1297403      1.22%     58.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult       3504400      3.30%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         239001      0.23%     62.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt         51200      0.05%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        20153474     18.99%     81.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       13914096     13.11%     94.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       5711965      5.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         106143157                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            20442324                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                40                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses         7517749                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           14143550                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                2                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses        2867362                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            34585874                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                42                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        10385111                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits           64308061                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               18                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses       64308079                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               109485359                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          107505456                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            107505456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses     86212476                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses      22784679                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            3280961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts      6279870                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts            86212476                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts             22784679                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    137782631                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes     61325678                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads     26370085                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes     18415578                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             34586074                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           20442415                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          14143659                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      150895.180595                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      109334463.819405                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.998622                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.001378                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 11111913                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass      4762500      4.43%      4.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu         46943572     43.67%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             426      0.00%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd        9105412      8.47%     56.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        1143400      1.06%     57.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        1314203      1.22%     58.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult       3516400      3.27%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv         239001      0.22%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt         51200      0.05%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        20443638     19.02%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       14143690     13.16%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       5842056      5.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         107505498                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits            20112994                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                21                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses         7492507                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits           13878990                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses                2                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses        2867362                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits            33991984                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses                23                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses        10359869                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits           63752444                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses                9                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses       63752453                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles               109485449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts          105930428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps            105930428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses     84776089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses      22690772                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls            3246969                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts      6192247                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts            84776089                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts             22690772                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads    135709468                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes     60242808                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads     26307086                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes     18348078                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs             33994509                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts           20115439                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts          13879070                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      1752753.526326                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      107732695.473674                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.983991                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.016009                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                 10971659                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass      4711969      4.45%      4.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu         46210016     43.62%     48.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult             421      0.00%     48.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd        9067909      8.56%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp        1145800      1.08%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt        1297403      1.22%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult       3504400      3.31%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv         239001      0.23%     62.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt         51200      0.05%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead        20115974     18.99%     81.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite       13879071     13.10%     94.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess       5707287      5.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total         105930451                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits            20441931                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                16                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses         7518495                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits           14144278                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses                2                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses        2867362                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits            34586209                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                18                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses        10385857                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits           64309691                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses                7                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses       64309698                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles               109485534                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts          107501445                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps            107501445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses     86206525                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses      22788967                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls            3280669                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts      6278867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts            86206525                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts             22788967                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads    137777113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes     61319482                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads     26377286                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes     18419778                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs             34586330                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts           20441971                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts          14144359                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      155015.346469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      109330518.653531                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.998584                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.001416                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                 11109712                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass      4762486      4.43%      4.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu         46936875     43.66%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult             426      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd        9110009      8.47%     56.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp        1143500      1.06%     57.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt        1314103      1.22%     58.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult       3515400      3.27%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv         238901      0.22%     62.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt         51200      0.05%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead        20442523     19.02%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite       14144364     13.16%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess       5841676      5.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total         107501463                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits            20112874                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                16                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses         7492296                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits           13879016                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses                1                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses        2867361                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits            33991890                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                17                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses        10359657                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits           63748980                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses                9                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses       63748989                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles               109485622                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts          105927271                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps            105927271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses     84775520                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses      22688366                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls            3246999                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts      6192283                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts            84775520                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts             22688366                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads    135706457                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes     60242373                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads     26302685                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes     18345678                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs             33994409                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts           20115314                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts          13879095                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      1755976.165555                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      107729645.834445                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.983962                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.016038                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                 10971334                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass      4711956      4.45%      4.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu         46209214     43.62%     48.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult             416      0.00%     48.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd        9065709      8.56%     56.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp        1145800      1.08%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt        1297403      1.22%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult       3504400      3.31%     62.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv         239001      0.23%     62.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt         51200      0.05%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead        20115857     18.99%     81.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite       13879097     13.10%     94.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess       5707235      5.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total         105927288                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits            20441305                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                17                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses         7517796                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits           14143336                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                1                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses        2867361                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits            34584641                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                18                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses        10385157                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits           64308627                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                7                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses       64308634                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles               109485797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts          107499010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps            107499010                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses     86204832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses      22786866                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls            3280703                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts      6278724                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts            86204832                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts             22786866                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads    137772474                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes     61319628                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads     26374485                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes     18417678                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs             34584762                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts           20441346                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts          14143416                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      157495.205510                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      109328301.794490                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.998562                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.001438                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                 11110355                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass      4762319      4.43%      4.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu         46937388     43.66%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult             418      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd        9108609      8.47%     56.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp        1143500      1.06%     57.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt        1314103      1.22%     58.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult       3515400      3.27%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv         238901      0.22%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt         51200      0.05%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead        20441915     19.02%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite       14143432     13.16%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess       5841843      5.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total         107499028                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5992                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            501                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           501                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3462                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3250                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          483                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          493                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          822                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4113                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3666                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5992                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         3253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         3253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         5812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        13699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        19511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         1617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         3195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total         4812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         1699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         1699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              29275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        95872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        95872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       144504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       435648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       580152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        38552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        93184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       131736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        35928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        35928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              843688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        12664                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         30978                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.383240                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.486184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               19106     61.68%     61.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               11872     38.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           30978                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011948                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11947771000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2364570032500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               69609725                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 69609620                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              763594904                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1317732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    15.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1089162048                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1089162048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       266880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        72768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        33216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       109504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       273856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            826240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       266880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        33216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       109504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       410112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       121920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         121920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         1711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         4279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              12910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1905                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1905                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        10713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        53566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        10713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        10713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     22337221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      6090508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2780100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      5699473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst      9165224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data     22921095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst        10713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        10713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data        32140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst        10713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        10713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             69154322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        10713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        10713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     22337221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2780100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst      9165224                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        10713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst        10713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        34325398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       10204414                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            10204414                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       10204414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        10713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        53566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        10713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        10713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     22337221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      6090508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      2780100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      5699473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst      9165224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data     22921095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst        10713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        10713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data        32140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst        10713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        10713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            79358736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        51520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       363328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        15616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       333760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            784256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        51520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        56192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       462464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         462464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         5677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         5215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              12254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         7226                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7226                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        10713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        37497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4312101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     30409689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        80350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1307022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst       310686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data     27934918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        32140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data        32140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        37497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide        1135609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             65640361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4312101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        80350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       310686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         4703137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks       38707136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            38707136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks       38707136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        10713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        37497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      4312101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     30409689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        80350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1307022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst       310686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data     27934918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        32140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data        32140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        37497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide       1135609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           104347497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       923                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     339     37.83%     37.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92     10.27%     48.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      1.34%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.11%     49.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    452     50.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 896                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      339     43.35%     43.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92     11.76%     55.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      12      1.53%     56.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     56.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     338     43.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  782                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11712896000     99.51%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.06%     99.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.00%     99.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               50568000      0.43%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11771116500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.747788                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.872768                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  686     83.86%     83.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     27      3.30%     87.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     105     12.84%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   818                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              105                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               73                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          470.880702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16636107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         33813.225610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   470.880702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.919689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            92645                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           92645                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        28728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        15968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        44696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           44696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        44696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          44696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        28821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        16031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        44852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        44852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        44852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        44852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.039894                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.039894                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.047473                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047473                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              225                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           55980228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         75956.890095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           296523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          296523                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       147924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         147924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       147924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          147924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       147924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         147924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       148149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       148149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       148149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       148149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       148149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       148149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       228                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      55     26.96%     26.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      5.88%     32.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.49%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    136     66.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 204                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       55     45.08%     45.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      12      9.84%     54.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.82%     55.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      54     44.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  122                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11747400000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6554500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11754707000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.397059                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.598039                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  178     82.79%     82.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     24     11.16%     93.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      13      6.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   215                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 13                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               74                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          458.076833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           24410448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         50749.372141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   456.076833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.890775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.894681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            12522                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           12522                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            5987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           5987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.025253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.006075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.148148                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.148148                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.018525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.018525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           72984000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         110081.447964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            36081                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           36081                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        17814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        17814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           17814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        17814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          17814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        17965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        17965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        17965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        17965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        17965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      14                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     30828                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     543     39.99%     39.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.29%     40.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      0.88%     41.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.07%     41.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    798     58.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1358                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      543     49.27%     49.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.36%     49.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      12      1.09%     50.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.09%     50.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     542     49.18%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1102                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11686585500     99.51%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 286000      0.00%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.01%     99.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               56217000      0.48%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11743841000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.679198                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.811487                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      2.78%      2.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      2.78%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        26     72.22%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      2.78%     80.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.78%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      2.78%     86.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.78%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      5.56%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    36                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   24      0.08%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.01%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1263      4.17%      4.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     88      0.29%      4.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%      4.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      78      0.26%      4.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  46      0.15%      4.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.02%      4.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              28752     95.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 30262                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              103                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 71                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 72                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   71                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.699029                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.821839                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         256795500      2.20%      2.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         11417477000     97.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      24                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            14727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.808278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            6613786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            15232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           434.203388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.808278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.997672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         10751756                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        10751756                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3418915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3418915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1914503                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1914503                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        10103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      5333418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         5333418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      5333418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        5333418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          294                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          294                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           64                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           64                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         14684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        14684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3428679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3428679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1919423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1919423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        10184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        10167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5348102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5348102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5348102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5348102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028869                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028869                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.006295                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.006295                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             7718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            50788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           49725801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            51300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           969.313860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.998542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         46715831                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        46715831                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     23281726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23281726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     23281726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23281726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     23281726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23281726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        50793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        50793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        50793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         50793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        50793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        50793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     23332519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23332519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     23332519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     23332519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     23332519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     23332519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        50788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            50788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      14                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1006                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     146     36.87%     36.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      3.03%     39.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.51%     40.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    236     59.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 396                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      146     48.03%     48.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      12      3.95%     51.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.66%     52.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     144     47.37%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  304                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11757824500     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 330500      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12470000      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11771213000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.610169                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.767677                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     12.03%     12.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.04%     13.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  301     62.45%     75.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     25      5.19%     80.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      81     16.80%     97.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.87%     99.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.41%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   482                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              139                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.482014                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.650485                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       11780002000     99.93%     99.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          441.601976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           14273654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          5716.321185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    47.624006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   393.977970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.093016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.769488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.862504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.880859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            91436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           91436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        26461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        14888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        41349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           41349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        41349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          41349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        28023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        15545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          517                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          517                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        43568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        43568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        43568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        43568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.055740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.042264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078394                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.078394                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.050290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.050932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.050932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           71167142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         37854.862766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    11.912900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   500.087100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.023267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.976733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           311614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          311614                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       153755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         153755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       153755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          153755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       153755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         153755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       155123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       155123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       155123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       155123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       155123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       155123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                      1423                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                     298     43.57%     43.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      1.75%     45.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.15%     45.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                    373     54.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                 684                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                      296     49.01%     49.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                      12      1.99%     50.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.17%     51.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                     295     48.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                  604                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11958283000     99.86%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.00%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31               15923500      0.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11974906500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.993289                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.790885                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.883041                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      0.90%      0.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      6.83%      7.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.13%      7.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                  559     72.04%     79.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                     25      3.22%     83.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.13%     83.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                     112     14.43%     97.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.93%     99.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.39%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                   776                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel              164                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.585366                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.739464                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       12718914000     99.41%     99.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.59%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements            12612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          423.411182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs           19141147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1458.484227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   423.411182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.826975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.826975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           368186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          368186                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        80333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          80333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        81939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         81939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data       162272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          162272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data       162272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         162272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6974                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6974                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          121                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          121                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        12769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         12769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        12769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        12769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        86128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        88913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        88913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1335                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1335                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1323                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1323                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       175041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       175041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.067284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.078436                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078436                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.090637                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090637                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.074830                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.074830                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.072949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.072949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             8207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             4575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.996849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           54670976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         10747.194024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   511.996849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           944571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          944571                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       465420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         465420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       465420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          465420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       465420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         465420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         4577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         4577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          4577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         4577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         4577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       469997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       469997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       469997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       469997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       469997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       469997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.009738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.009738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.009738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4575                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             4575                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                       228                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                      55     26.96%     26.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      5.88%     32.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.49%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                    136     66.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                 204                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                       55     45.08%     45.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                      12      9.84%     54.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.82%     55.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                      54     44.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                  122                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11763711000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6653000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11771116500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.397059                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.598039                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                  178     82.79%     82.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                     24     11.16%     93.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                      13      6.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                   215                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel               13                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements               55                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          416.035306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs           23051746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs         50331.323144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   414.035306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.808663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.812569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            12709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           12709                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         3966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         6086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total            6086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         6086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total           6086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         4059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           57                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           57                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         6194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         6194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.022912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.007026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.157895                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.157895                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.260000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.260000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.017436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.017436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           71018218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         111139.621283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst    43.714899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   468.285101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.085381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.914619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses            36475                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses           36475                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        18047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          18047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        18047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total           18047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        18047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total          18047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        18174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        18174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total        18174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        18174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total        18174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.006988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.006988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.006988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks          127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total              127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                       222                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                      54     27.27%     27.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      6.06%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.51%     33.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                    131     66.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                 198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                       54     45.00%     45.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                      12     10.00%     55.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.83%     55.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                      53     44.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                  120                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11763917500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6446500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11771116500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.404580                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.606061                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                  172     82.30%     82.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                     24     11.48%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                      13      6.22%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                   209                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel               13                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements               52                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.427069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs           31112770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs         70390.882353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   443.427069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.866068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            12221                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses           12221                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         3792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2073                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2073                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data         5865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total            5865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data         5865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total           5865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total            94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data           94                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total           94                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         3872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         5959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         5959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.020661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.006708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.127273                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.127273                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.220000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.220000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.015774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.015774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements               53                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs           54224391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs         95972.373451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses            35053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses           35053                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        17447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        17447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total           17447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        17447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total          17447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total            53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        17500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        17500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total        17500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        17500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total        17500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total               53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                       232                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                      56     26.92%     26.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      5.77%     32.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.96%     33.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                    138     66.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                       56     44.44%     44.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                      12      9.52%     53.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      1.59%     55.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                      56     44.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                  126                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11763415000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 195000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6918500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11771116500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.405797                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.605769                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                  182     83.11%     83.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                     24     10.96%     94.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                      13      5.94%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                   219                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel               13                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               64                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.359946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs            9426398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs         18666.134653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   455.359946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.011719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.889375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.901094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            13320                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           13320                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         4226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         2139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data         6365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            6365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data         6365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           6365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         4328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         6487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         6487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.023567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.009264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.177419                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.177419                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.254902                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.254902                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.018807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.018807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           20                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               20                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs           71093172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs         110221.972093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst    55.681921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   455.318079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.108754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.889293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            37848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           37848                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        18723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          18723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        18723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           18723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        18723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          18723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        18857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        18857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        18857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        18857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        18857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.007106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.007106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.007106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks          134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total              134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  600                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 600                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 816                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                816                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         3394                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19810                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  260                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 2340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                2340                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             256                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  256                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1247                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          704                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          212                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1854                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1185                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          669                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               1159                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                397                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               397                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           61                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean          241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict               36                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               62                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             41                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             103                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq                14                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp               14                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           231                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                   3684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        21504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13451                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        17984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                   61491                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            59331                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             61208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.049422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.262374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   58852     96.15%     96.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1687      2.76%     98.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     669      1.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               61208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        138418                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        69233                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         4863                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           22528                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        20514                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2014                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  44                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              63866                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        49079                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6444                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              168                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             90                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             258                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5409                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5409                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          52161                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11661                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       149649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        43544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 203429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      6326784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1444735                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       152576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       200696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 8124791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            77298                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            215671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.159131                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.390649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  183378     85.03%     85.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   30266     14.03%     99.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    2027      0.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              215671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35192                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17218                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1314                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           13937                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12111                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1826                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              10722                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 33                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                33                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3893                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3959                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             224                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4704                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6018                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        12931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        38144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  51781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       534656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1343840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        15552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         7592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1901640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            73737                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            108793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.165599                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.414422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   92603     85.12%     85.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   14364     13.20%     98.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    1826      1.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              108793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests           748                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          474                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           97                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3009                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1438                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1571                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp                387                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 26                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                26                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           28                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean          134                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict               53                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               21                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             24                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            187                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          119                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                   1157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         4224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         6568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        16320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         9064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                   36176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            62517                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             63160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.077581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.348297                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   59831     94.73%     94.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    1758      2.78%     97.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                    1571      2.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               63160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                  42                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3909.060655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                514469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                3696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs              139.196158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1235.575550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   659.760393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   620.901832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   659.741154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   725.081725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.301654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.161074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.151587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.161070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.177022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.954361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3654                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3623                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892090                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                8349                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses               8349                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           61                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           61                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          241                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total          241                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total               4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          223                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          149                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          372                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           59                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          127                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          149                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           69                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total               503                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           60                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total             9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           61                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total               93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           66                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total              93                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           61                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           61                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          241                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total          241                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          225                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          151                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          376                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           87                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total            596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           92                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total           596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.692308                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008889                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.013245                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.010638                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.508333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.218391                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.386473                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.515625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.013245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.156040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.515625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.013245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks             17                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                  17                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               14803                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3936.840553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                749140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               18640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               40.189914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1139.366241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.969059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1817.356477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   825.287186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    71.534857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    81.326733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.278166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.443691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.201486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.017465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.019855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.961143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.936768                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             1087852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            1087852                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        49079                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        49079                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1065                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1124                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        45816                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          834                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        46650                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         6126                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          742                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6868                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        45816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              54642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        45816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7191                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             54642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          142                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          4265                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4977                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          534                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5511                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3815                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          809                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4624                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            14400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4977                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          534                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1366                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           14400                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        49079                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        49079                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          120                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          146                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4773                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          616                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        50793                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1368                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        52161                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9941                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11492                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        50793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          69042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        50793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         69042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.846154                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972603                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.937500                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985294                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.776870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.904221                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.791427                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.097986                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.390351                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.105654                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.383764                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.521599                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.402367                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.097986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.511282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.390351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.630365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.208569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.097986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.511282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.390351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.630365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.208569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           5091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                5091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements               11114                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3722.428228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                766640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs               15134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs               50.656799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1402.776297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     4.967652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    12.879931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     1.999673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   694.477907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   564.548016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   363.886320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   675.892431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.342475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.001213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.003145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.169550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.137829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.088839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.165013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.908796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.981445                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              289738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             289738                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3893                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         3893                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          423                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             423                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2808                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          125                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2933                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2437                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           77                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2514                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data           77                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               5870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2860                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data           77                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              5870                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          111                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6449                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          6454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1769                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1771                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3474                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3494                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         9923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            11719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         9923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           11719                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3893                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3893                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          102                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6872                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         4577                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          127                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4704                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         5911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6008                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         4577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        12783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          17589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         4577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        12783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         17589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.990196                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991071                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.938446                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.938491                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.386498                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.015748                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.376488                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.587718                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.206186                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.581558                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.386498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.776265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.015748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.245098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.666269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.386498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.776265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.015748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.245098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.666269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           3789                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                3789                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                  34                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3881.523036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                455018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                3416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs              133.201991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1300.354810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data            5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   690.483556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   752.965174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   379.598236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   750.121260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.317469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.001221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.168575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.183829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.092675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.183135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.947637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.825684                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses                5334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses               5334                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          134                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total          134                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           53                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          132                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          185                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          127                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data           85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data           44                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data           85                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total               314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total            11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           44                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total               81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data           49                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total              81                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          134                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total          134                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           53                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          134                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           87                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          108                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           93                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total            395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           93                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total           395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.014925                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.010695                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.505747                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.348718                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.526882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.014925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.205063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.526882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.014925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.205063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks              9                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                   9                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             11066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            236                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10470                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           89                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        34337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        34751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total          780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 37841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         4544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         2496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2419                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         9459                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       955584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          975                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       956559                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        16640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 982658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           36921                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            60155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.605369                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.488775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  23739     39.46%     39.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  36416     60.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              60155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 44                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             10179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            89                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        42791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        42791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 42791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1247031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1247031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1247031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           62847                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            90336                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.689670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.462631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  28034     31.03%     31.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  62302     68.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              90336                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              5265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3789                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        33625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        33625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 33625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       989320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       989320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 989320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           62657                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            84107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.742554                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.437230                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  21653     25.74%     25.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  62454     74.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              84107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              4345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                26                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               26                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            78                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port           61                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total          328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        36281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        36281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 36609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         4432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         5968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      1252416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      1252416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1258384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           38510                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            62533                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.614092                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.486813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  24132     38.59%     38.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  38401     61.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              62533                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements          285                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.690289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs          299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.060201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.554915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.583394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.551595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.784682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.098962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.096975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses         4907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses         4907                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          272                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          272                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          272                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          272                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks          276                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total          276                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        15081                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.771210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        15094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.006890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.920429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.334839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.096048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.241789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.178104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.495027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.083427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.381003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.015112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.011132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       242053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       242053                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          156                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3696                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         4251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4977                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3815                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          534                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          809                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10135                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        14386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4977                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7511                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          534                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1364                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        14386                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3696                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          555                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4251                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4977                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3815                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          809                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10135                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        14386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        14386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         5091                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         5091                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         8836                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    12.818325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         8852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.018753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.070635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.524720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     1.583193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     1.948330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     2.691448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.316915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.095295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.098950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.121771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.168215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.801145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       188384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       188384                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3789                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3789                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          165                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6393                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         6398                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3470                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5261                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         9863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        11659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1769                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         9863                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           25                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        11659                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3789                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3789                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6395                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1769                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3474                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5265                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         9869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        11665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         9869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        11665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.998849                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999240                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         3778                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         3778                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     8.959779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs            8                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.875000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.004308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     2.417690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     1.359923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     4.177858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.151106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.084995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.261116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.559986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses          986                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses          986                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           22                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total           65                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        12218                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.074048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           83                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        12234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.022782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     6.203797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.324334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.249323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.415487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.323924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.289200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.163389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.081752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.000013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.188924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.387737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.270271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.015583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.025968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.020245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.018075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.010212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.005109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.942128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       188618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       188618                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1919                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1919                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           48                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          517                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2073                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4170                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1178                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          519                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          566                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1711                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2215                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10382                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        13027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4170                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1231                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          519                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1083                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1711                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4288                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        13027                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1919                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1919                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          517                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2073                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2646                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4172                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1181                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          519                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          566                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1711                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2234                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10429                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        13075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        13075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.981481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999622                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999521                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997460                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.991495                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.269231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995493                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.995589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.269231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.995589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.269231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1904                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1904                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        11478                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.585498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        11494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.001827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.555748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.118315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.914452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.730257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.163490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.098396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.722234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.007395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.057153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.170641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.010218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.006150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       208025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       208025                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7226                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7226                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           56                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4245                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          212                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         8076                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          805                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2176                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          210                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4275                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          805                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5753                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          245                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5248                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          212                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        12351                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7226                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7226                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3577                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4245                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         8077                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          805                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          210                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1004                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4282                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         5249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        12359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         5249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        12359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.995305                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999876                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997250                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999004                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998365                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.995305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.995305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         7218                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         7218                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               29941                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              17165                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               47106                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              16414                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          16414                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                23542249                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             148149                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               148149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       142198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              12570                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         9997                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              142198                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       182334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       110315                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                47303                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              30125                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             17178                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      23396306.130371                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      145942.869629                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.006199                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.993801                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    24665                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          670      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            93225     62.93%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             178      0.12%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           32345     21.83%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          17202     11.61%     96.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          4529      3.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            148149                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                4014                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits               2206                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                6220                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits               2725                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses           2725                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                23509367                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts              17965                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                17965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses        17119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                762                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts         1243                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts               17119                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads        23122                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        13553                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                 6233                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts               4014                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts              2219                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      23491705.121632                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      17661.878368                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000751                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999249                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                     2403                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass          100      0.56%      0.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            10530     58.61%     59.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              62      0.35%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead            4120     22.93%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite           2220     12.36%     94.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess           933      5.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total             17965                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             3409941                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               253                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         3324595                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            1929672                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               27                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        1861469                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             5339613                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               280                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         5186064                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           22850549                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              257                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       22850806                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                23487498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           23332227                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             23332227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     22763407                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         66777                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             543884                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      2011650                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            22763407                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                66777                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     35637223                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     18568842                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        62101                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes        29259                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              5368957                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            3439160                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           1929797                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      553168.899990                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      22934329.100010                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.976448                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.023552                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  2806317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       267189      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         17450895     74.79%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          169057      0.72%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd          12467      0.05%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp           4097      0.02%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           8194      0.04%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         3451061     14.79%     91.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        1930129      8.27%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         39414      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          23332519                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               27998                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              15972                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               43970                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              25788                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          25913                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                23542440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             154738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               154738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       148609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               3479                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        17876                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              148609                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       197497                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       113435                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                45092                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              28887                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             16205                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      23389499.877083                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      152940.122917                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.006496                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.993504                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    22779                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2931      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            98511     63.51%     65.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             147      0.09%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           30023     19.35%     84.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          16214     10.45%     95.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          7270      4.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            155123                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits               86995                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits              90194                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits              177189                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits             164395                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses         164547                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles                23950218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             469515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps               469515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses       451701                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls               9275                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts        48774                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts              451701                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads       647955                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes       308363                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs               178318                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts              87834                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts             90484                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      23479006.267845                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      471211.732155                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.019675                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.980325                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                    61304                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass         9872      2.10%      2.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu           267556     56.93%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult             585      0.12%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.25%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead           90181     19.19%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite          90555     19.27%     97.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess          9849      2.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total            469997                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits                4116                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits               2203                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits                6319                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits               2725                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses           2725                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles                23542246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts              18174                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps                18174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses        17328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls                762                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts         1353                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts               17328                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads        23327                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes        13657                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs                 6332                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts               4116                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts              2216                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      23524353.510699                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      17892.489301                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.000760                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.999240                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                     2515                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass          100      0.55%      0.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu            10642     58.56%     59.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult              62      0.34%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead            4221     23.23%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite           2216     12.19%     94.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess           933      5.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total             18174                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits                3927                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits               2155                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits                6082                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits               2671                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses           2671                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles                23542246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts              17500                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps                17500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses        16671                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls                742                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts         1213                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts               16671                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads        22533                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes        13192                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs                 6095                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts               3927                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts              2168                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      23525017.545598                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      17228.454402                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.000732                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.999268                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                     2343                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass          106      0.61%      0.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu            10228     58.45%     59.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult              62      0.35%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead            4027     23.01%     82.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite           2168     12.39%     94.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess           909      5.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total             17500                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits                4390                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits               2232                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits                6622                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits               2761                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses           2761                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles                23542246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts              18857                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps                18857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses        17995                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls                770                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts         1605                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts               17995                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads        24062                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes        14047                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs                 6635                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts               4390                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts              2245                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      23523680.608866                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      18565.391134                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000789                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999211                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                     2784                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass          100      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu            11003     58.35%     58.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult              62      0.33%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead            4497     23.85%     83.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite           2246     11.91%     94.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess           949      5.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total             18857                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              44                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          15525                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            163                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           163                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9145                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        10480                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          363                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          226                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          540                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         10932                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        10912                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        15481                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        18490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        22488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        40978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        17284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        14590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        31874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              73974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        35776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        35776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       475447                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       771584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1247031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       494664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       493568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       988232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         4368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         4368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             2275407                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        24940                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         75254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.330388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.470356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               50391     66.96%     66.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               24863     33.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           75254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
