
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   355442500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2271874785000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              249374652                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                249368457                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              656971280                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134913626                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     134913626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        57792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        39104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       186688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            520000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       236416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       142208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         142208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2222                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2222                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    303216413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    162591699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68601813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    110014981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    293313264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    525227006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1462965177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    303216413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68601813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    293313264                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       665131491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      400087215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           400087215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      400087215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    303216413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    162591699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     68601813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    110014981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    293313264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    525227006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1863052392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       127872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        40704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       408000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            588992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        12416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       412224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         412224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         6375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               9203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         6441                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6441                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26288359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    359754391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2520802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    114516413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6121947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   1147864985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1657066895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26288359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2520802                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6121947                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        34931107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1159748764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1159748764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1159748764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     26288359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    359754391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2520802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    114516413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      6121947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   1147864985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2816815659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       566                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     160     47.62%     47.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.30%     47.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    175     52.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 336                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      160     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     159     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  320                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               137719000     92.12%     92.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11617000      7.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           149500500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.908571                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.952381                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.34%      3.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.28%      3.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  317     88.30%     92.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.28%     92.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      5.01%     97.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.51%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   359                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61182000     75.27%     75.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.73%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4922                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.589109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.029866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    23.034274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   437.554835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.044989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.854599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129045                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129045                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        55894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           55894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        55894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          55894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2155                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2155                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          4938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         4938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        60832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        60832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.084038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077753                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077753                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.972032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             282367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           114.970277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    30.678191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   481.293841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.059918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.940027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           331527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          331527                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         162078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          162078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         162078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       164535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       164535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       784                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      94     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    103     51.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       94     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.58%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      93     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  190                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               177925000     96.98%     96.98% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.20%     97.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5182500      2.82%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           183468500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.902913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.37%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.32%     21.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.47%     23.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  129     47.43%     70.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.37%     70.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.37%     96.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.31%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   272                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          58575000      5.41%      5.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.76%      6.16% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1016276000     93.84%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          432.456721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              36602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.188638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    63.836300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   368.620421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.124680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.719962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            77777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           77777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        36909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.049452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.806756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              96725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.894780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   199.885638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   311.921118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.390402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.609221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           270841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          270841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         133580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          133580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         133580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       134807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       134807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1210                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               377886000     97.06%     97.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.03%     97.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11322000      2.91%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           389320000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.52%      0.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.23%      9.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.17%      9.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  397     69.16%     79.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.17%     79.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.42%     96.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.61%     99.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   574                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         555414000     88.03%     88.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     11.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12327                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          435.899503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             148202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.022552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   113.230265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   322.669238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.221153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.630213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.851366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           358102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          358102                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        76994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        80630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         80630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          157624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         157624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        82656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        87512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.078641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.093846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.067233                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067233                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.866863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             261424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.333256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   201.321343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   310.545521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.393206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.606534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           915452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          915452                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         451225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          451225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         451225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       455559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       455559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       455559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               183262500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           183427000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          455.464800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                 14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   454.303738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.161061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.887312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21301                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10745                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1304                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2434                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2201                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          233                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3840                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2924                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2423                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3684                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         5994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  30965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       288320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       507536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       134592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       187544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1117992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            34574                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             55748                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.097367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.310815                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   50563     90.70%     90.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    4942      8.86%     99.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     243      0.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               55748                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         33758                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16586                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1249                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5501                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4877                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          624                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10122                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7987                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3846                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               90                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             90                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5788                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        37345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  49626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       507200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1316128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1823656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            30608                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             64059                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.130630                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.364845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   56317     87.91%     87.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    7116     11.11%     99.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     626      0.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               64059                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7982                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3593.813426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  6011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                7982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.753069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1802.765396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    27.735286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    51.347543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.951446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2.637355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   535.548586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   490.327097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   242.762192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   438.738523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.440128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.006771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.012536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.130749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.119709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.059268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.107114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.877396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.764893                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              170314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             170314                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2924                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2924                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          193                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             259                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          627                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1459                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1082                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          628                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1710                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          627                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1878                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1830                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2225                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1756                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2924                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2924                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2071                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          613                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3684                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2838                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972222                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.906808                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.892333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.903502                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.744811                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.603963                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.618746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.551108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.596413                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.744811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.740273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.655070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.676756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.744811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.740273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.655070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.676756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4896                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4896                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10813                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3740.382050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 20998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               10813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.941922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1556.879549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   244.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   200.780466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   227.512735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   300.338414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   430.044763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   779.660620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.165574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.380098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.059814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.049019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.055545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.073325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.104991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.190347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.913179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2914                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.956055                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              278450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             278450                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          361                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             361                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2346                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2347                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2707                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3431                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11528                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          16907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         16907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988506                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.946865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.946865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.383710                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.593907                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.593874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.784663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.681848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.784663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.681848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        11115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        14102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 35607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       284480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       487360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       771880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       430848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       430888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1202768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           16414                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            41221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.389777                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.487706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  25154     61.02%     61.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  16067     38.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              41221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              5794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        17298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        15362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        11035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        11035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 43695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       536640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       433704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       970344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       487296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       487296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1457640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           12105                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            40596                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.279880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.448945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  29234     72.01%     72.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  11362     27.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              40596                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            5374                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          14.220238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                27                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            5374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.005024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.148837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.107702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.296786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.045042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.621003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.821802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.018549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.038813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses           72471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses          72471                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4705                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4705                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1674                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          423                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          699                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2097                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         2910                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4705                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4705                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1674                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          423                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          699                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         2910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         4704                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            4704                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements            4725                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.856537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs                82                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs            4725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.017354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.955198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.078506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1.798658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.077982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     1.438221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.571014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.936957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.372200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.067407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.112416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.067374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.089889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.160688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.121060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses           90045                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses          90045                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total             2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1121                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total         4718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3089                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total         4718                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total         4720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total         4720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998219                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         2031                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            2031                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33610                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8139                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28305                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4586                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               61915                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12725                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43512                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43606                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  298307                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             164423                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               164423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       158710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4093                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        16969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              158710                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       218933                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       111839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62179                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              33814                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28365                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      229224.539886                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      69082.460114                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.231582                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.768418                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22323                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2806      1.71%      1.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            94943     57.70%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             145      0.09%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           34766     21.13%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28645     17.41%     98.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3200      1.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            164535                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23510                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13693                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37203                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23115                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23240                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4543337276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             134422                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               134422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       129201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2671                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        15930                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              129201                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       171499                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        98393                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38311                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24394                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             13917                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3680986126.480770                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      862351149.519230                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.189806                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.810194                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19614                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2760      2.05%      2.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86205     63.95%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              79      0.06%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25435     18.87%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          13927     10.33%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6374      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            134807                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               83488                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              88747                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              172235                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             161958                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         162110                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4543749571                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             455076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               455076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       437996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        47283                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              437996                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       630088                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       297712                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               173349                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              84328                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             89021                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1630996987.582986                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2912752583.417014                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.641046                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.358954                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    58814                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         9792      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           259141     56.88%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             525      0.12%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           86607     19.01%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          89088     19.56%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9007      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            455559                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4543337162                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4540978846.086651                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2358315.913349                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000519                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999481                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.116254                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                116254298000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2388485998500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1208666                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1208666                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              206531844                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1310880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   562.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   680343333                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     680343333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       277056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      1586496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       292800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      1307456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2000064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1486272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       401600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      2823872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          10175616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       277056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       292800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2000064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       401600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      2971520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      3511552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3511552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         4329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        24789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         4575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        20429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        31251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        23223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         6275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        44123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             158994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        54868                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             54868                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2383189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     13646773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2518617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     11246518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     17204216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     12784663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3454496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     24290474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             87528945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2383189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2518617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     17204216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3454496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        25560517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       30205782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            30205782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       30205782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      2383189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     13646773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2518617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     11246518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     17204216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     12784663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3454496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     24290474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           117734727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       157824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      2516992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       164608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      2257216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       456896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     11901952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       116032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      4322688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      3907456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          25801664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       157824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       164608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       456896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       116032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       895360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     14358272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       14358272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        39328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         2572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        35269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         7139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       185968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        67542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        61054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             403151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       224348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            224348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1357576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     21650744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1415930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     19416194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3930143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    102378598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       998088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     37183038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide       33611282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            221941592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1357576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1415930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3930143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       998088                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         7701737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      123507451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           123507451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      123507451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1357576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     21650744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1415930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     19416194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      3930143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    102378598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       998088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     37183038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide      33611282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           345449043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     149                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     46454                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1467     33.32%     33.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    189      4.29%     37.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    119      2.70%     40.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    121      2.75%     43.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   2507     56.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                4403                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1467     45.17%     45.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     189      5.82%     50.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     119      3.66%     54.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     121      3.73%     58.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1352     41.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 3248                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            116168981000     99.75%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               14115500      0.01%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5831000      0.01%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               17596000      0.02%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              254886500      0.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        116461410000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.539290                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.737679                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   19      0.39%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  113      2.32%      2.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3461     71.14%     73.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    245      5.04%     78.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     516     10.61%     89.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  87      1.79%     91.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                424      8.72%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  4865                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              631                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                174                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                174                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  174                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.275753                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.432298                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       34370860000     29.76%     29.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user         81136243500     70.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     113                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           604635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          483.295982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           33450356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           604635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.323221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   483.295982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.943937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         68927180                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        68927180                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     29010199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29010199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      4526334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4526334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2556                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2556                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     33536533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        33536533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     33536533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       33536533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       557490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       557490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        55725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        55725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1198                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1198                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       613215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        613215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       613215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       613215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     29567689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29567689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4582059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4582059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3972                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3972                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     34149748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34149748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     34149748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34149748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.018855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.200403                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.200403                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.319126                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.319126                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        68175                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            68175                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            57246                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          148221690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            57246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2589.206058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.095586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   510.904414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.002140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.997860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        326110426                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       326110426                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    162969344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      162969344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    162969344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       162969344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    162969344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      162969344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        57246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        57246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        57246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         57246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        57246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        57246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    163026590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    163026590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    163026590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    163026590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    163026590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    163026590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        57246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            57246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     156                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     34489                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1063     33.12%     33.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    119      3.71%     36.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    122      3.80%     40.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   1906     59.38%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                3210                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1063     47.20%     47.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     119      5.28%     52.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     122      5.42%     57.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     948     42.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 2252                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            116067306000     99.84%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5831000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               17894500      0.02%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              163084000      0.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        116254115500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.497377                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.701558                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     14.29%     14.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     14.29%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     14.29%     42.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        1     14.29%     57.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                        2     28.57%     85.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1     14.29%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     7                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   15      0.39%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  127      3.31%      3.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.05%      3.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2642     68.84%     72.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    244      6.36%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     78.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     330      8.60%     87.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  78      2.03%     89.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.03%     89.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                398     10.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  3838                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              243                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                170                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                215                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                218                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  170                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   48                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.897119                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.223256                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.694268                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         225995500      0.20%      0.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user         75035309500     65.32%     65.51% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         39617477000     34.49%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     127                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           451977                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          482.372642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           30455910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           451977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            67.383761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   482.372642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.942134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.942134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         62321944                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        62321944                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     26838366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26838366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      3628730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3628730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     30467096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        30467096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     30467096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       30467096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       410903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       410903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        48061                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        48061                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          653                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1004                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1004                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       458964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        458964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       458964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       458964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     27249269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27249269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3676791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3676791                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     30926060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30926060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     30926060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30926060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.223937                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.223937                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.348248                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.348248                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.014841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.014841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        57458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            57458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            45211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          143635325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            45211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3176.999513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        301391951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       301391951                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    150628156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      150628156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    150628156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       150628156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    150628156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      150628156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        45213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        45213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        45213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         45213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        45213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        45213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    150673369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    150673369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    150673369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    150673369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    150673369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    150673369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        45211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            45211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     525                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     33721                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6271     37.01%     37.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    121      0.71%     37.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    119      0.70%     38.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     30      0.18%     38.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  10402     61.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               16943                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6256     49.03%     49.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     121      0.95%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     119      0.93%     50.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      30      0.24%     51.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6234     48.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                12760                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            115402330500     99.09%     99.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8651500      0.01%     99.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5831000      0.01%     99.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3996000      0.00%     99.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1040532500      0.89%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        116461341500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997608                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.599308                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.753113                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.14%      0.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       617     83.83%     83.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         8      1.09%     85.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        23      3.12%     88.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       16      2.17%     90.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       22      2.99%     93.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.14%     93.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.14%     93.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.14%     93.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       21      2.85%     96.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       17      2.31%     98.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        5      0.68%     99.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.14%     99.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.14%     99.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.14%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   736                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  218      0.77%      0.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  376      1.32%      2.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       7      0.02%      2.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                15029     52.89%     55.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    888      3.13%     58.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     58.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    1648      5.80%     63.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 811      2.85%     66.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.01%     66.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               9431     33.19%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 28413                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2023                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               1404                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               1403                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 1404                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.693524                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.819084                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       93042547000     79.85%     79.85% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         23485792000     20.15%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     376                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           318400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          442.181300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           13806908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           318400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            43.363405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   442.181300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.863635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.863635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         28789263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        28789263                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      9474182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9474182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4353481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4353481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        39658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        39658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        42150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        42150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     13827663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        13827663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     13827663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       13827663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       192611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       127129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       127129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3501                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3501                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          815                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          815                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       319740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        319740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       319740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       319740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      9666793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9666793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4480610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4480610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        43159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        43159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        42965                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        42965                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     14147403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14147403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     14147403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14147403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.081119                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081119                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018969                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.018969                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       173158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           173158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           184580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           54624083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           184580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           295.937171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        109726252                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       109726252                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54586256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       54586256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54586256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        54586256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54586256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       54586256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       184580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       184580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       184580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        184580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       184580                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       184580                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     54770836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     54770836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     54770836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     54770836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     54770836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     54770836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       184580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           184580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     127                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     48126                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    1616     34.46%     34.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    119      2.54%     36.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    158      3.37%     40.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   2797     59.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                4690                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     1614     46.37%     46.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     119      3.42%     49.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     158      4.54%     54.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    1590     45.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 3481                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            116177208500     99.76%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5831000      0.01%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               18977000      0.02%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              258866500      0.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        116460883000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998762                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.568466                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.742217                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         6     46.15%     46.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      7.69%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        2     15.38%     69.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        3     23.08%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        1      7.69%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  104      1.68%      1.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  170      2.74%      4.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.02%      4.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3945     63.56%     67.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    265      4.27%     72.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     534      8.60%     80.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 162      2.61%     83.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.02%     83.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               1025     16.51%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  6207                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              704                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                414                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                414                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  414                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.588068                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.740608                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       27535884000     23.92%     23.92% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user         87569758000     76.08%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     170                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           657808                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          493.022662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           33834378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           657808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            51.435036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   493.022662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.962935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         74426499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        74426499                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     31026805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       31026805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      5176051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5176051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     36202856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        36202856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     36202856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       36202856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       566033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       566033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        99943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        99943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          964                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          964                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1402                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1402                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       665976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        665976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       665976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       665976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     31592838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31592838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5275994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5275994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6440                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6440                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6295                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6295                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     36868832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     36868832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     36868832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     36868832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.149689                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.149689                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.222716                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.222716                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       115220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           115220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            68385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          157849699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            68385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          2308.250333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.373112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   511.626888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        352704251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       352704251                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    176249548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      176249548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    176249548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       176249548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    176249548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      176249548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        68385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        68385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        68385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         68385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        68385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        68385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    176317933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    176317933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    176317933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    176317933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    176317933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    176317933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        68385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            68385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 541                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  4567040                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        574                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2591                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2591                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               75413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              75413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        12886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       143122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       143122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  156008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        13912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2067                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3267                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        21065                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      4568648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      4568648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  4589713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                71561                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                71561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               644049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              644049                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        71360                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        71360                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              201                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        71360                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        71360                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           71360                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                71360                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2337358                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1169751                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       193722                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          111811                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        88126                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        23685                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1125                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            1073426                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1261                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1261                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       125633                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        51131                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           790578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2202                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5372                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            100616                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           100616                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         102459                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        969842                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       146825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1788426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       109224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1284217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                3328692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5733056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     43552612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      4096704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     33005800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                86388172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          1186220                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           3516455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.150222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.375668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 3011890     85.65%     85.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  480880     13.68%     99.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   23685      0.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             3516455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2474536                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1236934                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        82782                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          136580                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       115209                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        21371                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1265                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            1017339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2792                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2792                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       288378                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       202016                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           658561                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4607                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            6824                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            222465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           222465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         252965                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        763109                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       513394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       954312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       194552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1985537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                3647795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     21044096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     31713345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      8074688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     49832060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               110664189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           936053                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           3405132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.095284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.314258                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 3102052     91.10%     91.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  281707      8.27%     99.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   21373      0.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             3405132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              147416                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3759.211814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               1143538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              147416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                7.757218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1209.891562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.477146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.224042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   131.777908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1333.205082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   265.207050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   818.429025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.295384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.032172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.325490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.064748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.199812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.917776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983643                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            17356872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           17356872                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       125633                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       125633                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        51131                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        51131                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29975                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        21270                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           51245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        50440                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        38066                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        88506                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       505022                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       369407                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       874429                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       534997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        38066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       390677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            1014180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        50440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       534997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        38066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       390677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           1014180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1605                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1078                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2683                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1022                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          608                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1630                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        21603                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        23467                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total         45070                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6806                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7147                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        13953                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        52336                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        40834                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        93170                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        73939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        64301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           152193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        73939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        64301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          152193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       125633                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       125633                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        51131                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        51131                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1620                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1088                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2708                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1027                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          612                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1639                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        51578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        44737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        96315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        57246                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        45213                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       102459                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       557358                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       410241                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       967599                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        57246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       608936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        45213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       454978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        1166373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        57246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       608936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        45213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       454978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       1166373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.990741                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.990809                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990768                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995131                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.993464                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994509                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.418841                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.524555                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.467944                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.118890                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.158074                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.136181                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.093900                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.099537                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.096290                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.118890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.121423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.158074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.141328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.130484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.118890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.121423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.158074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.141328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.130484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          44842                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               44842                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              378080                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3924.369982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               1619856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              378080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.284427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1587.143939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.041212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.035198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   149.921638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   535.704366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   112.455670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1539.067959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.387486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.036602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.130787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.027455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.375749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.958098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            19718035                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           19718035                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       288378                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       288378                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       202016                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       202016                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        25277                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        35468                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           60745                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       146186                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        60297                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       206483                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        82242                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       506441                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       588683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       146186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       107519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        60297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       541909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             855911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       146186                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       107519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        60297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       541909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            855911                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          576                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3140                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3716                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          452                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1096                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1548                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       100544                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        60300                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        160844                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        38394                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8088                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        46482                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       111977                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        58277                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       170254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        38394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       212521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       118577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           377580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        38394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       212521                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8088                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       118577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          377580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       288378                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       288378                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       202016                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       202016                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          582                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3734                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          480                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1584                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       125821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        95768                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       221589                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       184580                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        68385                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       252965                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       194219                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       564718                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       758937                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       184580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       320040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        68385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       660486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        1233491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       184580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       320040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        68385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       660486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       1233491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989691                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996193                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995179                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.941667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992754                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977273                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.799103                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.629647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.725866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.208007                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.118272                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.183749                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.576550                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.103197                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.224332                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.208007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.664045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.118272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.179530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.306107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.208007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.664045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.118272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.179530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.306107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         163399                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              163399                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               2390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            186951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              4053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             4053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       146753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          108062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5439                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           6940                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            78617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           73948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       184561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        71360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        71360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       151824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       279347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       435943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       289093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       297207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        30896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       183787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       214683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                947833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      4640896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side      7898624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     12548108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      8817344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        12477                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total      8829821                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       658432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side      3921472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4579904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               25957833                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          692960                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          1328732                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.514133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 645587     48.59%     48.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 683145     51.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            1328732                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            280246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       255070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          208770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           9399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           254970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          251568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       278981                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       796276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       316272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1112548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       444985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       444985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               1557533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     25746048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side      8849277                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     34595325                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     15696768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total     15696768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               50292093                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          248499                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          1283296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.189539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.391936                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                1040062     81.05%     81.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 243234     18.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            1283296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements          151648                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.334084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs              1962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs          151648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.012938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.269017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.445412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.573202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.674678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.294499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.077277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.391814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.027838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.285825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.042167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.205906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.004830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses         2604100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses        2604100                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        91885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        91885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::total          170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total            269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          195                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           58                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total           269                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1577                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1071                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2648                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          540                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          325                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        14362                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        15928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total        30290                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        32008                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2572                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        25003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          196                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        62245                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        61056                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        61056                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        46370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        40931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total        92535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2466                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        46370                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2572                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        40931                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          196                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total        92535                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        91885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        91885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1577                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1071                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2648                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          540                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          325                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        14506                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        15954                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        30460                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2477                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        32059                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2572                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        25035                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        62344                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        61056                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        61056                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        46565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        40989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total        92804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        46565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        40989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total        92804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.990073                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.995559                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998409                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998722                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.975124                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998412                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.995559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.975124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.995559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.975124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks        91671                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total           91671                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements          106436                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.240450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs              1138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs          106436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.010692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.167034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.661766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.935338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.677526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.798786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.385440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.103860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.058459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.104845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.299924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses         1722701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses        1722701                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        30722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        30722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           79                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           90                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total            133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total           133                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          219                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          622                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          841                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          299                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          382                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          681                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6670                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        23313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total        29983                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        31251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        17545                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6275                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        22166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        77237                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        31251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        24215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        45479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total       107220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        31251                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        24215                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6275                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        45479                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total       107220                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        30722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        30722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          219                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          622                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          841                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          299                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          382                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          681                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        23331                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        30026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        31254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        17624                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        22174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        77327                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        31254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        24319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        45505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total       107353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        31254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        24319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        45505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total       107353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996266                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999228                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999904                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999639                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998836                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks        30551                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total           30551                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            29566947                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             39371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        29446047                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits            4586751                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             1711                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses        4493816                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            34153698                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             41082                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        33939863                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          162348667                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               81                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      162348748                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               232922992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          162985508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            162985508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    113510733                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses      69798879                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             303863                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     11563891                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           113510733                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts             69798879                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    211553637                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes     77611358                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads     86120267                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     64879853                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             34201215                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           29612157                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts           4589058                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      69605911.685214                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      163317080.314786                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.701163                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.298837                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 14368142                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass       490756      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu         67585235     41.46%     41.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult         1804277      1.11%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       30238043     18.55%     61.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp         724764      0.44%     61.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       11230346      6.89%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      15992354      9.81%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         238668      0.15%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt         75808      0.05%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        29621445     18.17%     96.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite        4589341      2.82%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        435553      0.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         163026590                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits            27247812                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             28602                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses        27147577                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits            3679636                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses             1578                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses        3596207                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits            30927448                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses             30180                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses        30743784                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          150121038                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              223                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      150121261                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               232507939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          150643179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            150643179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    105252563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses      64232177                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls             211128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     10615027                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           105252563                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts             64232177                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    194951745                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes     72156213                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads     77861990                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes     60107304                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs             30962645                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts           27280787                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts           3681858                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      81834927.759525                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      150673011.240475                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.648034                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.351966                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 13230930                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass       359375      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu         63160544     41.92%     42.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult         1425254      0.95%     43.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       27944585     18.55%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp         746100      0.50%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       11006183      7.30%     69.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      14517264      9.63%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv         171118      0.11%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt         54378      0.04%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead        27285449     18.11%     97.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite        3682207      2.44%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        320912      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         150673369                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             9698744                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              2068                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         8335903                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            4526143                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             1360                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        3515747                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            14224887                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              3428                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   22                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        11851650                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           47197469                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1592                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       47199061                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               232923283                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           54767386                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             54767386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     51016794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       4179906                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             704140                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      3576118                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            51016794                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              4179906                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     81110265                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     41726438                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      5435083                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      3524166                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             14242282                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            9713277                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           4529005                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      178053640.970345                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      54869642.029655                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.235570                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.764430                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  4506493                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       781281      1.43%      1.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         36196450     66.09%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          436019      0.80%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        1647726      3.01%     71.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp         353677      0.65%     71.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         258550      0.47%     72.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult        608637      1.11%     73.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv          16070      0.03%     73.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt         16000      0.03%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         9785312     17.87%     91.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        4531270      8.27%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        139844      0.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          54770836                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            31592841                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses             39547                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        31438694                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits            5282395                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses             1948                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses        5004027                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            36875236                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses             41495                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        36442721                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          175211661                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              213                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      175211874                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               232921893                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          176276438                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            176276438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    121180546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses      76385185                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls             315777                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     12012723                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           121180546                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts             76385185                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    227349303                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes     82582828                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads     95125810                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes     71291274                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             36924013                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           31638845                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts           5285168                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      56290458.886757                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      176631434.113243                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.758329                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.241671                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 14881660                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass      1003278      0.57%      0.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu         71142189     40.35%     40.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult         1821981      1.03%     41.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       33204932     18.83%     60.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        1009364      0.57%     61.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt       12633771      7.17%     68.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      17810092     10.10%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv         238725      0.14%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt         75814      0.04%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        31648983     17.95%     96.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite        5285806      3.00%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess        442998      0.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         176317933                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.185827                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                185826722500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2574312721000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1363761                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1363761                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              162738292                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1310880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1141.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1557243708                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1557243708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       790528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      4649536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       424960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      4297216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       739008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     12137792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       575936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      4719808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          28334784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       790528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       424960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       739008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       575936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      2530432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      8095040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8095040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        12352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        72649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         6640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        67144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        11547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       189653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         8999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        73747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             442731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       126485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            126485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4254114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     25020815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2286862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     23124855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3976866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     65317796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3099317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     25398973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            152479598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4254114                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2286862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3976866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3099317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        13617159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       43562303                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            43562303                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       43562303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      4254114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     25020815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2286862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     23124855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      3976866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     65317796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3099317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     25398973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           196041901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       531328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      3413696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       279232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      3342336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       334464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     10652416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       228224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      2941952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          21723648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       531328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       279232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       334464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       228224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      1373248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      8659968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        8659968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         8302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        53339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         4363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        52224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         5226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       166444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         3566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        45968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             339432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       135312                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            135312                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2859266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     18370318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1502647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     17986304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1799870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     57324457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1228155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     15831695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            116902713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2859266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1502647                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1799870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1228155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         7389938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       46602382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            46602382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       46602382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      2859266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     18370318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1502647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     17986304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1799870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     57324457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1228155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     15831695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           163505095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     141                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    190650                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1294     27.92%     27.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     82      1.77%     29.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    191      4.12%     33.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     78      1.68%     35.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   2989     64.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                4634                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1294     45.24%     45.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      82      2.87%     48.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     191      6.68%     54.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      78      2.73%     57.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1215     42.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2860                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            185485989500     99.85%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6150000      0.00%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9359000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               13070000      0.01%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              250148000      0.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        185764716500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.406490                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.617177                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   18      0.32%      0.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  111      1.95%      2.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3862     67.70%     69.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    384      6.73%     76.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     421      7.38%     84.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  63      1.10%     85.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                846     14.83%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  5705                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              530                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                197                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                197                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  197                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.371698                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.541953                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       60789913000     32.48%     32.48% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        126350672500     67.52%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     111                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2522740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.623411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           58377199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2522740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.140395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   501.623411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.979733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        128675867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       128675867                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     44392098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       44392098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     16120374                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      16120374                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2873                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2873                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     60512472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        60512472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     60512472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       60512472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2390513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2390513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       155786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1039                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1039                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1247                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1247                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2546299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2546299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2546299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2546299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     46782611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46782611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     16276160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16276160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4228                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4228                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     63058771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     63058771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     63058771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     63058771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.051098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.245743                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.245743                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.302670                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.302670                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       217528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           217528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           227211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          255323040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           227211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1123.726580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        506980879                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       506980879                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    253149623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      253149623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    253149623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       253149623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    253149623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      253149623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       227211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       227211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       227211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        227211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       227211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       227211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    253376834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    253376834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    253376834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    253376834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    253376834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    253376834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       227211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           227211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     131                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    194251                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1151     28.71%     28.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    191      4.76%     33.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     71      1.77%     35.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   2596     64.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                4009                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1151     46.15%     46.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     191      7.66%     53.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      71      2.85%     56.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    1081     43.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 2494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            185538082500     99.88%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9359000      0.01%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               12267000      0.01%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              206178000      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        185765886500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.416410                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.622100                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   56      1.06%      1.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  131      2.47%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3386     63.81%     67.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    383      7.22%     74.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     361      6.80%     81.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  96      1.81%     83.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                893     16.83%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  5306                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              293                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                228                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                199                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                251                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  228                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   23                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.856655                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.115578                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.697222                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         218958000      0.12%      0.12% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        126087095500     67.38%     67.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         60835104500     32.51%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     131                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          2511494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.914578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           60361146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2511494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.033960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   501.914578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.980302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        128289375                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       128289375                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     44271891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       44271891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     16076539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      16076539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     60348430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        60348430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     60348430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       60348430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2379380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2379380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       148046                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       148046                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          873                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          873                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1358                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1358                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2527426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       2527426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2527426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      2527426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     46651271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46651271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     16224585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16224585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     62875856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     62875856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     62875856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     62875856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.051004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.249429                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.249429                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.391016                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.391016                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.040197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.040197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       216608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           216608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           220676                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          252093648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           220676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1142.370027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        505707502                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       505707502                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    252522737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      252522737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    252522737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       252522737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    252522737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      252522737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       220676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       220676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       220676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        220676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       220676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       220676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    252743413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    252743413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    252743413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    252743413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    252743413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    252743413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       220676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           220676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     164                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     22269                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    4204     41.91%     41.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.04%     41.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    191      1.90%     43.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     19      0.19%     44.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   5613     55.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               10031                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     4196     48.86%     48.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.05%     48.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     191      2.22%     51.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      19      0.22%     51.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    4178     48.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 8588                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            185386768000     99.80%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 286000      0.00%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9359000      0.01%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2109000      0.00%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              367008500      0.20%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        185765530500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998097                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.744343                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.856146                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.17%      0.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       308     52.47%     52.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                       228     38.84%     91.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         9      1.53%     93.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       12      2.04%     95.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        9      1.53%     96.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       10      1.70%     98.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       10      1.70%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   587                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  148      0.89%      0.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   91      0.55%      1.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8567     51.53%     52.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    906      5.45%     58.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    1250      7.52%     65.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 630      3.79%     69.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               5033     30.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 16625                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1341                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               1085                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               1085                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 1085                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.809098                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.894477                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      129449591500     69.68%     69.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         56315939000     30.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      91                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           462098                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          463.197369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           30806107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           462098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.665744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   463.197369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.904682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.904682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         62983197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        62983197                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     24175670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       24175670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6567507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6567507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        24392                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        24392                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        25446                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        25446                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     30743177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        30743177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     30743177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       30743177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       236550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       236550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       227296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       227296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1743                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1743                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          507                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          507                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       463846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        463846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       463846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       463846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     24412220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24412220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6794803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6794803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        26135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        26135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        25953                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        25953                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     31207023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     31207023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     31207023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     31207023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.009690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.033451                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033451                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.066692                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.066692                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019535                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.019535                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       262170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           262170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            86479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          117557905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            86479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1359.380948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        236046067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       236046067                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    117893315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      117893315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    117893315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       117893315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    117893315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      117893315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        86479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        86479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        86479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         86479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        86479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        86479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    117979794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    117979794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    117979794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    117979794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    117979794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    117979794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        86479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            86479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     139                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    189838                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    1060     27.87%     27.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    191      5.02%     32.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    122      3.21%     36.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   2431     63.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                3804                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     1060     44.15%     44.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     191      7.96%     52.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     122      5.08%     57.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    1028     42.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 2401                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            185572244500     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9359000      0.01%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               14330500      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              170983000      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        185766917000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.422871                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.631178                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   23      0.46%      0.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  109      2.18%      2.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3213     64.36%     67.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    382      7.65%     74.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     323      6.47%     81.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  55      1.10%     82.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                887     17.77%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  4992                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              432                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                184                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                184                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  184                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.425926                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.597403                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       60698076500     32.43%     32.43% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        126444271000     67.57%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     109                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          2514018                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.069353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           60720986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2514018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.152964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   500.069353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.976698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        128603440                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       128603440                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     44389408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       44389408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     16111479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      16111479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2373                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2373                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1854                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1854                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     60500887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        60500887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     60500887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       60500887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2379966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2379966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       151733                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       151733                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          819                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          819                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1306                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1306                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2531699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       2531699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2531699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      2531699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     46769374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46769374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     16263212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16263212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     63032586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     63032586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     63032586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     63032586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.050887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.009330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.256579                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.256579                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.413291                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.413291                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.040165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.040165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       213614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           213614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           218998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          257345299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           218998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1175.103421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        506944950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       506944950                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    253143978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      253143978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    253143978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       253143978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    253143978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      253143978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       218998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       218998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       218998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        218998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       218998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       218998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    253362976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    253362976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    253362976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    253362976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    253362976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    253362976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       218998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           218998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         16                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  543                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 543                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3575                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3575                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         4384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        10784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          903                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          415                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        12242                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       122928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       122928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   135170                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1926                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                17334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               17334                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                6                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      11008250                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5504075                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1528099                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          200895                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       133232                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        67663                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 495                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            5220187                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                936                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               936                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       434136                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       204765                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3324860                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            10291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           12896                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            293541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           293541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         447887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4771805                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       557297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      6943278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       543242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      6975064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               15018881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     21125504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    176590318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     20644224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    175383344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               393743390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          1492575                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          12487115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.266980                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.454466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 9220964     73.84%     73.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 3198488     25.61%     99.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   67663      0.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            12487115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       6586990                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3291692                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        62265                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          287559                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       264716                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        22843                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  42                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            2924597                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       475784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       278632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2466285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             7568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1813                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            9381                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            371461                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           371461                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         305477                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2619078                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       249907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1385201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       639679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7558230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                9833017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     10459392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     46540380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     26923584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    175309720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               259233076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          1436263                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           8003760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.054431                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.239115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 7590953     94.84%     94.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  389964      4.87%     99.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   22843      0.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             8003760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              309366                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4010.973020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               8781130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              309366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               28.384276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   393.441356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   183.333166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1808.126492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   105.507179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1520.564827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.096055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.044759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.441437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.025759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.371232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.979241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3980                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971680                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            76369914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           76369914                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       434136                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       434136                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       204765                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       204765                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             51                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       131705                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       126465                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          258170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       206557                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       209666                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       416223                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2258624                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2259142                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      4517766                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       206557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2390329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       209666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2385607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            5192159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       206557                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2390329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       209666                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2385607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           5192159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4670                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3475                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8145                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          853                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1718                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        15148                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13460                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total         28608                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        20654                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        11010                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        31664                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       127599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       115952                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       243551                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        20654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       142747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        11010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       129412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           303823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        20654                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       142747                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        11010                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       129412                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          303823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       434136                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       434136                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       204765                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       204765                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4700                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3496                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8196                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          858                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          871                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       146853                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       139925                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       286778                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       227211                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       220676                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       447887                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2386223                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2375094                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4761317                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       227211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2533076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       220676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2515019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        5495982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       227211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2533076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       220676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2515019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       5495982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993617                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.993993                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993777                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994172                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.993111                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993638                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.103151                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.096194                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.099757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.090902                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.049892                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.070696                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.053473                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048820                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.051152                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.090902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.056353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.049892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.051456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.055281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.090902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.056353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.049892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.051456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          35824                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               35824                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              531830                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4012.427867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               5736581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              531830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               10.786494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   873.263975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    67.014723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   557.739187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   141.610972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  2372.799009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.213199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.016361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.136167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.034573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.579297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.979597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1719                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            53078513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           53078513                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       475784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       475784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       278632                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       278632                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        24331                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       129795                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          154126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        69706                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       206432                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       276138                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        81643                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2255069                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2336712                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        69706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       105974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       206432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2384864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            2766976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        69706                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       105974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       206432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2384864                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           2766976                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          435                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6725                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         7160                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          322                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1446                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       202258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        14932                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        217190                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        16773                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        12566                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        29339                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       155792                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       121552                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       277344                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        16773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       358050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        12566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       136484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           523873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        16773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       358050                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        12566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       136484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          523873                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       475784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       475784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       278632                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       278632                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          449                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6729                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         7178                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          326                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1454                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       226589                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       144727                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       371316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        86479                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       218998                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       305477                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       237435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2376621                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2614056                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        86479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       464024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       218998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2521348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        3290849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        86479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       464024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       218998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2521348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       3290849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.968820                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999406                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997492                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.987730                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996454                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994498                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.892621                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.103174                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.584920                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.193955                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.057380                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.096043                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.656146                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.051145                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.106097                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.193955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.771620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.057380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.054131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.159191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.193955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.771620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.057380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.054131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         226128                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              226128                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            447345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       158101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          233563                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           16114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          15899                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           144611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          137821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       446808                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       379975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       427021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       809858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       794010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       795532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               1611168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     10501888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side     10906816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6814                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     21415518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     26002752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total     26008180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       122880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       123264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               47546962                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          625787                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          1761610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.343826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.474984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1155922     65.62%     65.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 605688     34.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            1761610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 42                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            423996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       255753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          267777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           23498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          24147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           240783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          234274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       423954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       685508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       846566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1532074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       367161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       367161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               1899235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     21833536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side     26022964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     47856500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     10643712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total     10643712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               58500212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          615130                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          1906524                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.321743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.467145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                1293113     67.83%     67.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 613411     32.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            1906524                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements          142165                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.173472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs              5790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs          142165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.040727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.167250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     1.112987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.565214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.838597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.224597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.264826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.197953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.069562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.285326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.052412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.326537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.016552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses         2300139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses        2300139                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        31616                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31616                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          531                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1554                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          220                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          569                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total           2123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1363                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          751                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total          2123                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6644                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5463                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        12107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          475                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          628                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10174                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9241                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total        19415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8302                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        55342                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        49260                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       117271                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        65516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        58501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total       136686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8302                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        65516                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4363                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        58501                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total       136686                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        31616                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31616                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6644                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5463                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        12107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          475                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          629                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        20969                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8302                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        55682                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4370                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        49480                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       117840                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        66879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        59252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total       138809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        66879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        59252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total       138809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998410                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999094                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.908636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.945661                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.925891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993894                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.998398                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995554                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995171                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.979620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.998398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.987325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.984706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.979620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.998398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.987325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.984706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks        29625                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total           29625                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements          291036                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.788782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs              1002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs          291036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.003443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.559099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.592016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.094844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.521347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    10.021475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.159944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.037001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.130928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.032584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.626342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses         4866944                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses        4866944                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       120441                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       120441                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           69                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total            147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total           147                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          364                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          540                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          198                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          360                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       113777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          572                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total       114349                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11547                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        76929                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8999                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        74112                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       171587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       190706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        74684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total       285936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11547                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       190706                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8999                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        74684                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total       285936                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       120441                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       120441                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          176                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          364                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          540                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          198                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          360                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       113784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          630                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       114414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11547                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        76941                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9000                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        74181                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       171669                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       190725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        74811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total       286083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       190725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        74811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total       286083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.907937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999070                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999522                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks       120357                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total          120357                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            46764341                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses            176869                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        46793073                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           16280702                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             7692                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       16198310                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            63045043                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses            184561                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        62991383                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          252772656                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               33                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      252772689                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               371529611                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          253192273                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            253192273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    171188509                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     112121944                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            1545829                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     18616378                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           171188509                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            112121944                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    339260943                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    114468244                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    160031158                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     97957298                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             63253217                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           46964203                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          16289014                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      118237308.494216                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      253292302.505784                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.681755                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.318245                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 22532249                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass      2537732      1.00%      1.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu         94077858     37.13%     38.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult         6778717      2.68%     40.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     40.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       46662434     18.42%     59.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp         540256      0.21%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        7764544      3.06%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      28410241     11.21%     73.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        1105003      0.44%     74.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt        368416      0.15%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        46971487     18.54%     92.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       16289464      6.43%     99.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       1870682      0.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         253376834                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits            46628903                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses            178475                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses        46685451                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           16228040                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses            10175                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       16163581                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits            62856943                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses            188650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses        62849032                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          252234670                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               33                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      252234703                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               371531964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          252554763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            252554763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    170737068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     111855711                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            1530776                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     18571500                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           170737068                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            111855711                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    338386795                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    114164413                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    159648317                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes     97723353                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs             63072172                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts           46833246                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          16238926                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      118871262.282799                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      252660701.717201                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.680051                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.319949                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 22465217                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass      2547903      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu         93803411     37.11%     38.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult         6760611      2.67%     40.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     40.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       46548764     18.42%     59.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp         537641      0.21%     59.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        7744977      3.06%     62.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      28344047     11.21%     73.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        1102331      0.44%     74.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt        367455      0.15%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead        46838271     18.53%     92.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       16239141      6.43%     99.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       1908861      0.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         252743413                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            24432381                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              2991                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        23669532                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            6821804                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             1895                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        5949591                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            31254185                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              4886                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        29619123                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          112892184                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              544                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      112892728                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               371653609                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          117974908                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            117974908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     85648725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses      50493923                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            1005146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      5410389                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            85648725                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts             50493923                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    159351602                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     55191630                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     53648059                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes     46759873                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             31265718                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           24441388                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           6824330                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      253673380.407369                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      117980228.592631                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.317447                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.682553                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  6746183                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      1581718      1.34%      1.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         44012538     37.31%     38.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          115260      0.10%     38.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     38.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd       20947641     17.76%     56.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp         466158      0.40%     56.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt       10353355      8.78%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult       9069908      7.69%     73.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv           8233      0.01%     73.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt          2505      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        24486910     20.76%     94.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        6825215      5.79%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        110353      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         117979794                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            46749752                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses            176945                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        46821212                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           16266379                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses             7600                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       16214369                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            63016131                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses            184545                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        63035581                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          252945316                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               33                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      252945349                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               371534033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          253178431                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            253178431                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    171139222                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     112179567                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            1534237                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     18616534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           171139222                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            112179567                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    339268842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    114426506                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    160108925                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes     98005768                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             63224108                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           46949511                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          16274597                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      118252568.319784                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      253281464.680216                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.681718                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.318282                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 22519780                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass      2540301      1.00%      1.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu         94050984     37.12%     38.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult         6783186      2.68%     40.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     40.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       46687309     18.43%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp         544970      0.22%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        7769227      3.07%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      28418015     11.22%     73.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        1105254      0.44%     74.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt        368664      0.15%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        46954000     18.53%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       16274725      6.42%     99.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       1866341      0.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         253362976                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000786                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   786483000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2575099204000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              677426567                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                677418647                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              341741329                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1311904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1558984644                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1558984644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       125696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       134784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       168704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       150272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        33536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        66688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            679680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       125696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       168704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        33536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       327936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       130368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         130368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         2636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              10620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    159820365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    171375605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    214504319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    191068338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     42640464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     84792678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            864201769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    159820365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    214504319                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     42640464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       416965147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      165760735                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           165760735                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      165760735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    159820365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    171375605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    214504319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    191068338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     42640464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     84792678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1029962504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       468352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        52096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       419072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         9920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            952832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        52096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        55488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       401472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         401472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         7318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         6548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              14888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         6273                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6273                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2848123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    595501746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     66239194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    532843049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1464749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     12613114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1211509975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2848123                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     66239194                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1464749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        70552065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      510464943                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           510464943                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      510464943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      2848123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    595501746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     66239194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    532843049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1464749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     12613114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1721974919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1908                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     546     45.73%     45.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      7.71%     53.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.08%     53.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    555     46.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1194                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      544     46.10%     46.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      7.80%     53.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.08%     53.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     543     46.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1180                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               789382500     93.05%     93.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.81%     93.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     93.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               51909500      6.12%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           848304000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996337                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.978378                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.988275                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.25%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      4.49%      4.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.08%      4.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  909     76.97%     81.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      4      0.34%     82.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.08%     82.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     192     16.26%     98.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.27%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1181                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              244                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.393443                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.565982                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         775538500     91.13%     91.13% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      8.87%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          464.128625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2446188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           186.888838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   464.128625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.906501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.906501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           432990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          432990                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       100231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         100231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        93392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       193623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          193623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       193623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         193623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         12683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        12683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       105932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       100374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       206306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       206306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.053818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.069560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.073942                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.073942                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.048309                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048309                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.061477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.061477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           13199264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2637.215584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1163783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1163783                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       575149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         575149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       575149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          575149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       575149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         575149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       579644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       579644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       579644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       579644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       579644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       579644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               642775500     99.97%     99.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.03%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           642940000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          419.720960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              26143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            65.032338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   419.720960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.819767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.819767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses             287                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           50                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            50                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total             124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total            124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total             8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total            8                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.051282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.074074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements               14                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            7658811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         14560.477186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses              754                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses             754                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total             356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total            356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total            14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.037838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.037838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.037838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks           14                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               14                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      2183                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     689     48.18%     48.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.07%     48.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    740     51.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1430                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      689     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.07%     50.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     688     49.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1378                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               528439500     82.19%     82.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.03%     82.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              114365500     17.79%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           642969500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.929730                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.963636                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      9.09%      9.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      9.09%     18.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     36.36%     54.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      9.09%     63.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      9.09%     72.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      9.09%     81.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      9.09%     90.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      9.09%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    11                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.07%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   20      1.32%      1.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.13%      1.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1391     92.06%     93.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     93.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      38      2.51%     96.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  20      1.32%     97.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.33%     97.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 33      2.18%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  1511                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               59                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 37                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 38                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   37                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.644068                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.781250                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         266780500     46.71%     46.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           304343000     53.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      20                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12238                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.277775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             397859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            31.583631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   481.277775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.939996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.701172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           641698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          641698                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       179003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         179003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       110479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        110479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         6250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         6489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       289482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          289482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       289482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         289482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2932                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2932                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          272                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          272                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       188244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       188244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       113411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       113411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6522                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6522                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       301655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       301655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       301655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       301655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.049091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.025853                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025853                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.041705                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.041705                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.004602                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.040354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.040354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7424                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             7424                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             5492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.977872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1364320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           227.235177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.977872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2049943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2049943                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1016726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1016726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1016726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1016726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1016726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1016726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          5497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         5497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1022223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1022223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1022223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1022223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1022223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1022223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.005377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.005377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.005377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             5492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       819                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     110     47.41%     47.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.29%     48.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    119     51.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 232                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      110     49.55%     49.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.35%     50.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     109     49.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  222                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               634577000     98.84%     98.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.05%     98.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                7113000      1.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           642041500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.915966                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.956897                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.33%      0.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     18.95%     19.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.63%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  161     52.61%     73.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.33%     73.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      69     22.55%     96.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.94%     99.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.65%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   306                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         611158000     98.68%     98.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      1.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2012                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          469.254441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            2207505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           893.365034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   469.254441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.916513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.916513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            80319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           80319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        22833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        13090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          483                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          483                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          504                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          504                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        35923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           35923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        35923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          35923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        38062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        38062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        38062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        38062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.061220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.047307                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047307                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.069364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.069364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.028902                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.028902                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.056198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.056198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1327                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           14424988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          7843.930397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           281215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          281215                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       138617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         138617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       138617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          138617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       138617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         138617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       139944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       139944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       139944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       139944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       139944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 384                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                384                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34527                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16675                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1148                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            4763                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4047                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          716                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              10912                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8059                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3763                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              100                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             93                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             193                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6886                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6886                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4509                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5851                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        39871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  52682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       527872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1332675                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1862603                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            43876                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             79246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.090465                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.316785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   72793     91.86%     91.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    5737      7.24%     99.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     716      0.90%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               79246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         42558                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21322                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1857                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8652                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7868                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          784                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              17862                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8423                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5747                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             240                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3387                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3387                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           6824                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11038                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        15759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        36684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  62317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       656768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1262739                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       147776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       199576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2266859                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            45483                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             87890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.149824                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.381374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   75516     85.92%     85.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   11580     13.18%     99.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     794      0.90%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               87890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               11455                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3923.198522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                824829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               15500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               53.214774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   779.250248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   720.287004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1488.311987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   130.886844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   804.462439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.190247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.175851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.363357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.031955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.196402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.957812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          978                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2945                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987549                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              285872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             285872                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8059                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8059                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3763                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3763                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          436                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             438                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2496                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2510                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2338                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           99                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           91                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6448                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6448                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1999                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1999                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3504                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3504                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            11951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9952                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           11951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8059                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8059                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3763                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3763                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6884                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6886                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4495                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4509                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5842                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5844                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          17239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         17239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.989796                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.936665                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.936393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.444716                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.443336                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.599795                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.599589                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.444716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.782021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.693254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.444716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.782021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.693254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           2967                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                2967                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               15175                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3842.521404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 35664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               18288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.950131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   953.483752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   732.152548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1777.953277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   174.173587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   204.758240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.232784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.178748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.434071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.042523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.049990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.938116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.760010                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              343785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             343785                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8423                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8423                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5747                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5747                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             684                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2047                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          785                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2832                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2653                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          700                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3353                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               6869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2047                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          785                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              6869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          143                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2257                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          434                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          2691                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3450                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          542                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3992                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6782                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          775                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            14240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9039                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           14240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8423                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8423                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5747                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5747                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2782                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          593                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3375                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5497                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1327                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         6824                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1475                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10910                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          21109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         21109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.325000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.841176                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.811287                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.731872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.797333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.627615                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.408440                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.584994                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.718813                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.525424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.692667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.627615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.739871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.408440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.584623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.674594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.627615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.739871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.408440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.584623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.674594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           5363                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                5363                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             12034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10157                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7041                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        13305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        20618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        35779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        17830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        17846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 53625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       338176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       615296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       955723                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       490496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       490539                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1446262                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           20727                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            55466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.371525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.483217                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  34859     62.85%     62.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  20607     37.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              55466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             13942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           11040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            66                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7897                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        23817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        18377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        42194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        20541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        20541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 62735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       762752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       491243                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1253995                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       614208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       614208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1868203                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           17606                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            58198                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.296900                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.456896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  40919     70.31%     70.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  17279     29.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              58198                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            4298                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          14.911196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                86                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            4314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.019935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.309707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.056735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     7.978658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.566097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.269357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.498666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.160381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.931950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses          112699                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses         112699                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2002                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2002                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total             3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           99                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5216                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         5216                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2358                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         7609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7574                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         7609                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2002                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2002                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2395                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         7612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         7612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999808                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999153                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999165                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         1988                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            1988                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements            7036                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.791154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs                23                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs            7052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.003261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.174546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.491871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.633180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.635368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.856190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.198409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.155742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.352074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.227210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.053512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses          101326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses         101326                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total              5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total             5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          406                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2636                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          645                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5979                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total         6592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2636                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2381                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          524                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1051                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total         6592                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          615                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2636                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          645                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5982                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total         6597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total         6597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990431                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996748                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998622                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999498                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         1072                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            1072                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              107793                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             102641                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              210434                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             175562                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         175714                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1696944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             579162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               579162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       557123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              20095                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        55503                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              557123                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       781307                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       390296                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               211731                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             108816                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            102915                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1071453.965383                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      625490.034617                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.368598                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.631402                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    80133                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        10341      1.78%      1.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           338518     58.40%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             628      0.11%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.20%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.04%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          113167     19.52%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         102982     17.77%     97.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         12609      2.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            579644                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1285821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1285519.360964                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles        301.639036                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000235                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999765                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              194531                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               337                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses          101596                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             119911                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               28                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          64783                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              314442                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses          166379                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             500735                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              294                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         501029                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1163482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1021846                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1021846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       985097                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses           820                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              27769                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       141887                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              985097                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                  820                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1322058                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       716457                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads          481                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes          423                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               315116                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             195103                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            120013                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      407153.535685                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      756328.464315                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.650056                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.349944                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   176946                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        19301      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           666288     65.18%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            1471      0.14%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            133      0.01%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             14      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             19      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          203173     19.88%     87.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         120300     11.77%     98.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         11522      1.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1022223                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               24295                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              14154                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               38449                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              23484                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          23609                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1284025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             139558                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               139558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       134162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2799                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        16287                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              134162                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       178542                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       102559                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                39558                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              25180                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             14378                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1169687.163425                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      114337.836575                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.089046                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.910954                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    20151                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.01%      2.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            89850     64.20%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              91      0.07%     66.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           26256     18.76%     85.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          14388     10.28%     95.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          6516      4.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            139944                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
