
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000360                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   359895500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2275351498500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              190985399                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                190980665                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              336921786                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1374876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   203998497                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     203998497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst       111808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        67904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst       106816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        94976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            483264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       111808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       106816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       252288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       121152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         121152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1893                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1893                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst    310667958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data    189210479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst     93538263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data    188676991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst    296797265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data    263898826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1342789782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst    310667958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst     93538263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst    296797265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       701003486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      336631050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           336631050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      336631050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst    310667958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data    189210479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst     93538263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data    188676991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst    296797265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data    263898826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1679420832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       104960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data         8576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       479104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            608576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        15872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       455360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         455360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         7486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               9509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         7115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst     30764486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data    291640212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3378759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23829139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      9958446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data   1331230871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data       177829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1690979743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst     30764486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3378759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      9958446                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        44101691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1265256165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1265256165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1265256165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst     30764486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data    291640212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3378759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23829139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      9958446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data   1331230871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data       177829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2956235907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362674500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         450.855639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   450.280404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.575235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.879454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362674500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::kernel               0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::idle                 1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         443.855626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs                11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs            5.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   443.280745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.574881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.865783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse                483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362674500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         241.809539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   241.235012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     0.574526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.471162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.472284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.298828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362620500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362785000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         445.931638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   445.357466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.574172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.869839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.870960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.hwrei                      570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::0                    162     47.65%     47.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.29%     47.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::31                   177     52.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::total                340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::0                     162     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::31                    161     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::total                 324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::0              141279500     91.48%     91.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.11%     91.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::31              12994000      8.41%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::total          154438000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::31               0.909605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::total            0.952941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::2                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::3                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::19                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpctx                  12      3.31%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::tbi                      1      0.28%      3.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpipl                 321     88.43%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rdusp                    1      0.28%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rti                     18      4.96%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      2.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::total                  363                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::kernel              31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::user                17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::kernel                18                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::user                  17                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         62939000     75.79%     75.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::user           20102000     24.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.swap_context                     12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements            4771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         464.676941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs             68289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            4771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           14.313351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    24.684167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   439.992774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.048211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.859361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.907572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          131379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses         131379                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         31422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        25761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total          57183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total         57183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         4899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         4899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        34177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        27905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total        62082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total        62082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.080610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.076832                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076832                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.175207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.175207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.046358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.078912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.078912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.078912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements            2451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs            287146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs            2451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          117.154631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    27.244467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   484.754907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.053212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.946787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses          343822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses         343822                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        168233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         168233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        168233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       170685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       170685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total            2451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.hwrei                      790                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::0                     98     47.57%     47.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      0.97%     48.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::31                   106     51.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::total                206                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::0                      98     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      1.02%     51.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::31                     96     48.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::total                 196                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::0              355880500     98.06%     98.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::30                330500      0.09%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::31               6724500      1.85%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362935500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::31               0.905660                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::total            0.951456                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::6                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::48                       1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::59                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpctx                  58     20.86%     21.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::tbi                      4      1.44%     22.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpipl                 135     48.56%     71.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rdps                     1      0.36%     71.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rti                     69     24.82%     96.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      3.24%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::total                  278                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::kernel             127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::user                67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::kernel                67                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::user                  67                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1924123500     99.58%     99.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::user            8186500      0.42%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.swap_context                     58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements            1956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         422.405350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs             39441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            1956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           20.164110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    60.883378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   361.521971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.118913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.706098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.890625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           82043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses          82043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         23700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        12920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total          36620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total         36620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        25317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        13604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total        38921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total        38921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.063870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.050279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.059120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.059120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements            1288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs            107905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           83.777174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   204.240442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   307.759558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.398907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.601093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses          286330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses         286330                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         141233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        141233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total         1288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       142521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       142521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total            1288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.hwrei                     1220                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::0                    250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::31                   247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::total                498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::0                     248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::31                    247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::total                 496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::0              558578500     98.28%     98.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::30                112000      0.02%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::31               9664000      1.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::total          568354500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::0                0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::31                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::total            0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::3                        1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::6                        1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::17                       1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::33                       1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::45                       3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::71                       4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::74                       1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::total                   12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::wripir                  15      2.57%      2.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpctx                  53      9.08%     11.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpipl                 397     67.98%     79.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rdps                     1      0.17%     79.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::wrusp                    1      0.17%     79.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rti                    100     17.12%     97.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::callsys                 15      2.57%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::imb                      2      0.34%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::total                  584                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::kernel             152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::user                97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::kernel                96                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::user                  97                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1710616500     95.77%     95.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::user           75503500      4.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.swap_context                     53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements           12241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         422.570895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs            151633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           12241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           12.387305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.566247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   318.004648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.204231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.621103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          357061                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses         357061                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        77204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         77204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         157305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        157305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        86932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.067314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.078579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.119844                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119844                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.024238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.073084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.073084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements            4461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.875813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs            332797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs            4461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           74.601435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   206.526187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   305.349626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.403371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.596386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses          917215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses         917215                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        451913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         451913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        451913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total         4463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total         4463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       456376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       456376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       456376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total            4461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362674500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         358.188898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   357.043982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     1.144916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.697352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.699588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.697266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total            127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total           127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse                507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362674500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         369.103952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   367.959305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     1.144648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.718671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.720906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.525391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse                511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362674500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         407.266912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs                15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  15                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   406.122619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     1.144293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.793208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.795443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362674500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.520357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   400.376418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     1.143939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.781985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362674500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         397.427406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   396.283821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     1.143585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.773992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.776225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.775391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362674500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         403.427394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   402.284163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     1.143230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.785711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.787944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362674500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.427381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   394.284505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     1.142876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.770087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.772319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total            127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total           127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362674500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.427368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   400.284847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     1.142522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.781806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           53                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total            128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total           128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.030303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.030303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.hwrei                        4                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::30                     2     50.00%     75.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::31                     1     25.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::total                  4                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::30                      2     50.00%     75.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::31                      1     25.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::total                   4                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362629500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::30                195000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::31                 14500      0.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362839000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::31                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::swpipl                   2     66.67%     66.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rti                      1     33.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::total                    3                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         443.990386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs               131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           43.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   440.565065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     3.425321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.860479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.006690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses            342                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           59                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total            148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total           148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total          158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total          158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.032609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.106061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.106061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse                431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses             920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses            920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total            460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total           460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  34                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 34                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests            30                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2631                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1922                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          709                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     59                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                    1120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            45237                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             44782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.088317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.420009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   42136     94.09%     94.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1932      4.31%     98.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     362      0.81%     99.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                     109      0.24%     99.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                     243      0.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               44782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         55359                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25500                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         6100                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           21632                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        17972                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3660                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              18449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 22                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                22                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5616                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5905                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              290                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             81                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             371                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9371                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9371                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           8203                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10246                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        14574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        36739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  79745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       275648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       491536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       122688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       205848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       486080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1313088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2895152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            56682                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            112026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.374931                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.738269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   82266     73.43%     73.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   21961     19.60%     93.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    4073      3.64%     96.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                    3009      2.69%     99.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                     717      0.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              112026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests            31                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2389                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1426                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          963                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                     62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                    1184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            54417                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             54372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.085761                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.477965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   51970     95.58%     95.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                    1435      2.64%     98.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                     197      0.36%     98.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                     246      0.45%     99.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                     524      0.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               54372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests            48                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1038                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          133                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          905                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp                 17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              21                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                     91                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                    1376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            43047                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             43067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.085123                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.561913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   42013     97.55%     97.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                     144      0.33%     97.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.04%     97.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                      86      0.20%     98.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                     808      1.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               43067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3030.060254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1117.618701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   447.997128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   573.441955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.002462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.272856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.108154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.109374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.108154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.140000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.739761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2625                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.678955                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                 176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                176                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total             13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total            13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               19135                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3996.797302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 21634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               19135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.130598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1732.701279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    20.469750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.512490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     2.285498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data     4.017730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     0.270412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     1.183826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   356.093484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   371.022510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   127.826842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   143.902175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   440.694872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   761.816434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.423023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.004997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.008426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.000558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.000981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.000289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.086937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.090582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.031208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.107592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.185990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.975781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987793                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              438269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             438269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5616                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5616                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          195                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          411                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             697                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4011                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          994                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          811                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2395                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4200                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1189                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          148                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          171                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4191                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1818                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            18694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9623                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           18694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5616                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5616                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          215                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         9353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8202                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2812                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5653                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10047                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          27602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         27602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.795699                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.842105                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.795349                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977778                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.899225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.858255                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.939345                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.925478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386598                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.510973                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.646515                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.487358                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.576331                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.581965                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.749526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.774238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.677270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.749526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.774238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.677270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           9025                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                9025                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                   2                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3692.824093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                     4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                   2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                       2                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   648.019511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst           31                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           20                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst         1960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data  1031.231873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.572701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.158208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.007568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.004883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.478516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.251766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.901568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3690                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900879                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses                 201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses                201                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total                7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total               7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total             13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total            13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            2091.902893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                     1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                       1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   543.713170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   253.429226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   436.617852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.571756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.570884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.132742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.104004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.061872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.034180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.029297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.041748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.106596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.510718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2092                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.510742                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses                 317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses                317                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total                 5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total               10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total              10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total             15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total            15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              6299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            65                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        21123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 21159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       643328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       643568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 644048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           31898                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            44768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.694358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.460684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  13683     30.56%     30.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  31085     69.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              44768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             10038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            80                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        54765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        54765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 54765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1770480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1770480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1770480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           37548                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            73344                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.511426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  35834     48.86%     48.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  37510     51.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              73344                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                    40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                    480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           54527                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            54359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                     24      0.04%      0.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  54335     99.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              54359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              3192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            52                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             35                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6733                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        29301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        29301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 29369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total          672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      1064704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      1064704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1065376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           23290                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            43050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.540046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  19801     46.00%     46.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  23249     54.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              43050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse     6.169163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.168474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.000689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.323030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.385573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           26                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           26                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        18977                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.656724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        18977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.003847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.011009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.828861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.783333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.639765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.792126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.881832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     3.717529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.438188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.048958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.039985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.049508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.117615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.232346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       313120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       313120                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9025                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9025                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          229                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1736                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          546                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         8596                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1818                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10035                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        18631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1317                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9569                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        18631                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9025                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9025                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          229                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         8598                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1818                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10038                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        18636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        18636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.998172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999842                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999079                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999701                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         9019                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         9019                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements            4                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.285909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs            4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.428263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data     0.428245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     8.856692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.572701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.026766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.125000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.026765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.553543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.035794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses          143                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses          143                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    10.000486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.000474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.625000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.625030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses          102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses          102                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8168                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.815406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           28                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.003428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.005217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.003880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.056223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     1.184526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.875708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     1.099180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.898673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     1.689788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.375326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.128514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.074033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.068699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.181167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.105612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       118509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       118509                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          914                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          960                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          777                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6292                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         8159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1129                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1691                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         8159                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          915                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          960                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         8161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         8161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.998907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.998371                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1893                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1893                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        10284                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.706919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs            4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        10284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.537446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.137131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.308808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.070804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.362723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.095854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     4.191621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.658590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.008571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.019300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.004425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.022670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.261976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       170439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       170439                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5035                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         6338                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2464                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3183                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         9521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7499                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         9521                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5036                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2464                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         9523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         7115                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         7115                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles             4550291048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus00.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus00.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_idle_cycles     4547958346.713034                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_busy_cycles     2332701.286966                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus00.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles             4550291133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus01.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus01.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_idle_cycles     4547958431.669459                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_busy_cycles     2332701.330541                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus01.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles             4550291218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus02.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus02.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_idle_cycles     4547958516.625884                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_busy_cycles     2332701.374116                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus02.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles             4550291303                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus03.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus03.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_idle_cycles     4547958601.582309                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_busy_cycles     2332701.417692                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus03.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits              34668                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses               90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses           8139                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits             28491                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses              15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_acv                  7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses          4585                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_hits              63159                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_misses              105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_acv                   7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_accesses          12724                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_hits             43548                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_misses              94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_accesses         43642                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                 308182                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            170573                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              170573                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_alu_accesses       164755                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_alu_accesses          245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_func_calls              4341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus04.num_conditional_control_insts        17803                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_insts             164755                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_insts                 245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_reads       227272                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_writes       116741                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_mem_refs               63423                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus04.num_load_insts             34872                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_store_insts            28551                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_idle_cycles     235062.573042                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_busy_cycles     73119.426958                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus04.not_idle_fraction       0.237261                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.idle_fraction           0.762739                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.Branches                   23483                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::No_OpClass         2828      1.66%      1.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntAlu           99786     58.46%     60.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntMult            169      0.10%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatAdd            30      0.02%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemRead          35825     20.99%     81.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemWrite         28831     16.89%     98.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IprAccess         3216      1.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::total           170685                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits              25247                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses              326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_acv                  12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses           1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits             13974                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses              38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_acv                  9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses           875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_hits              39221                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_misses              364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_acv                  21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_accesses           2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_hits             23169                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_misses             125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_accesses         23294                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles             4550291582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            142136                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              142136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_alu_accesses       136789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_alu_accesses          297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_func_calls              2883                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus05.num_conditional_control_insts        17898                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_insts             136789                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_insts                 297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_reads       181272                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_writes       103637                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_mem_refs               40329                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus05.num_load_insts             26131                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_store_insts            14198                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_idle_cycles     3648541225.828129                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_busy_cycles     901750356.171871                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus05.not_idle_fraction       0.198174                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.idle_fraction           0.801826                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.Branches                   21878                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::No_OpClass         2791      1.96%      1.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntAlu           91808     64.42%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntMult            111      0.08%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatAdd            25      0.02%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemRead          27178     19.07%     85.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemWrite         14207      9.97%     95.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IprAccess         6398      4.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::total           142521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits              83593                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses              372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses          34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits             88152                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses             106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_acv                  5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses         15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_hits             171745                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_misses              478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_acv                   5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_accesses          49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_hits            162061                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_misses             152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_accesses        162213                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles             4550702998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            455893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              455893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_alu_accesses       438900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_alu_accesses         3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_func_calls              8667                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus06.num_conditional_control_insts        48447                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_insts             438900                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_insts                3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_reads       630648                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_writes       298010                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_mem_refs              172871                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus06.num_load_insts             84433                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_store_insts            88438                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_idle_cycles     1664422409.750368                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_busy_cycles     2886280588.249632                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus06.not_idle_fraction       0.634249                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.idle_fraction           0.365751                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.Branches                   60008                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::No_OpClass         9717      2.13%      2.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntAlu          260547     57.09%     59.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntMult            513      0.11%     59.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatAdd          1172      0.26%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatDiv           227      0.05%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemRead          86680     18.99%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemWrite         88517     19.40%     98.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IprAccess         9003      1.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::total           456376                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles             4550291558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus07.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus07.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_idle_cycles     4547958856.451583                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_busy_cycles     2332701.548417                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus07.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles             4550291643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus08.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus08.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_idle_cycles     4547958941.408008                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_busy_cycles     2332701.591992                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus08.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles             4550291728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus09.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus09.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_idle_cycles     4547959026.364433                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_busy_cycles     2332701.635567                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus09.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles             4550291813                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus10.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus10.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_idle_cycles     4547959111.320858                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_busy_cycles     2332701.679142                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus10.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles             4550291898                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus11.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus11.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_idle_cycles     4547959196.277283                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_busy_cycles     2332701.722718                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus11.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles             4550291983                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus12.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus12.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_idle_cycles     4547959281.233707                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_busy_cycles     2332701.766293                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus12.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles             4550292068                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus13.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus13.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_idle_cycles     4547959366.190132                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_busy_cycles     2332701.809868                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus13.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles             4550292153                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus14.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus14.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_idle_cycles     4547959451.146557                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_busy_cycles     2332701.853443                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus14.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                 97                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                72                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_hits                169                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_hits                97                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_accesses            97                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles             4550292328                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts               460                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps                 460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_alu_accesses          433                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_func_calls                16                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus15.num_conditional_control_insts           36                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_insts                433                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_reads          580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_writes          323                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_mem_refs                 170                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus15.num_load_insts                97                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_store_insts               73                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_idle_cycles     4547390674.363391                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_busy_cycles     2901653.636609                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus15.not_idle_fraction       0.000638                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.idle_fraction           0.999362                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.Branches                      60                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntAlu             251     54.57%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemRead            108     23.48%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemWrite            74     16.09%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IprAccess           25      5.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::total              460                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10050                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             30                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            30                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9020                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5902                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          305                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          285                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8614                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8596                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10050                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        22221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        30677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        52898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              52979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       651248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1118528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1769776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total          544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1770864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        18499                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         54356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.340091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.473744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               35870     65.99%     65.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               18486     34.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           54356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000868                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   868355000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2276581773500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               85854395                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 85853363                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              360906762                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1406620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   206564166                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     206564166                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst       212160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        86528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst       112192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        37440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        41536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            603392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       212160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       112192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       425600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        61312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          61312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst         3315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst          654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst         1753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst          791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               9428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          958                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               958                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1326646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data       147405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data        73703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst    244324038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     99645882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst     48201484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     10023550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      5159180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      1474052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data        73703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1252944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      1031836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2358482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      1252944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst    129200615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     43116007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst     58298737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     47832972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data        73703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            694867882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1326646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst    244324038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst     48201484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      5159180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1252944                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2358482                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst    129200615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst     58298737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       490122127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       70607067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            70607067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       70607067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1326646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data       147405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data        73703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst    244324038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     99645882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst     48201484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     10023550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      5159180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      1474052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data        73703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1252944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      1031836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2358482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      1252944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst    129200615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     43116007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst     58298737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     47832972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data        73703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           765474950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst        60416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       813824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        12608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data         8064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst        13888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       154432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        60160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      1179648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2305920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        60416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        13888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        76032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks      2141824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2141824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        12716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst          217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide        18432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              36030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks        33466                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             33466                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data       147405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data        73703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst     69575231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data    937201951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14519407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9286525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data       147405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data       515918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data       368513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst     15993459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data    177844315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1989970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     69280421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data        73703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide     1358485873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           2655503797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst     69575231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst     15993459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1989970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        87558660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     2466530394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          2466530394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     2466530394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data       147405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data        73703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst     69575231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data    937201951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14519407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9286525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data       147405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data       515918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data       368513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst     15993459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data    177844315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1989970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     69280421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data        73703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide    1358485873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          5122034191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.hwrei                      538                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::0                    222     41.50%     41.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::21                    72     13.46%     54.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      0.19%     55.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.19%     55.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::31                   239     44.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::total                535                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::0                     222     42.86%     42.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::21                     72     13.90%     56.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      0.19%     56.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.19%     57.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::31                    222     42.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::total                 518                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1038892500     96.47%     96.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::21               5400000      0.50%     96.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.00%     96.98% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.02%     96.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::31              32391000      3.01%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1076897000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::21                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::31               0.928870                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::total            0.968224                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::swpipl                 389     83.84%     83.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rdps                     3      0.65%     84.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rti                     72     15.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::total                  464                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::kernel              74                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements               8                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         444.993117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs                26                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               8                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs            3.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   430.309706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    14.683411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.840449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.028679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.869127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           59939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses          59939                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         18470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        10465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        10465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          437                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          437                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total          28935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total         28935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        10485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          446                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          446                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        28986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total        28986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        28986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total        28986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.013514                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013514                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.020179                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.020179                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total               4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements              45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs             12520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs              45                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs          278.222222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   487.398585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.601415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.951950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses          197097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses         197097                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst        98481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         98481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst        98481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total          98481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst        98481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total         98481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst        98526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        98526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst        98526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total        98526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst        98526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total        98526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.hwrei                       21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::0                      5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::31                    12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::total                 19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::0                       5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::31                      4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::total                  11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::0              862321500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.02%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::31                562000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::total          863097000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::total            0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::swpipl                  15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rdps                     2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rti                      2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::total                   19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::kernel               0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::idle                 2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         433.481414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs                23                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs            7.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   424.233748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     9.247666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.828582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.018062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.846643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            1327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses           1327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total            635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total           635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse                483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.925781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses           3774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total           1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst         1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total          1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                     59                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.hwrei                     4354                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::0                   1033     39.40%     39.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::21                    18      0.69%     40.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      0.04%     40.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::31                  1570     59.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::total               2622                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::0                    1032     49.54%     49.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::21                     18      0.86%     50.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      0.05%     50.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::31                   1032     49.54%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::total                2083                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::0              858770500     79.75%     79.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::21               1287000      0.12%     79.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.00%     79.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::31             216771000     20.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1076877500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::0                0.999032                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::21                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::31               0.657325                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::total            0.794432                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::4                        3      6.52%      6.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::17                       4      8.70%     15.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::45                       1      2.17%     17.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::54                       1      2.17%     19.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::71                      34     73.91%     93.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::144                      1      2.17%     95.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::256                      1      2.17%     97.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::257                      1      2.17%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::total                   46                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wripir                  16      0.49%      0.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::swpctx                 112      3.42%      3.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::tbi                      1      0.03%      3.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::swpipl                2399     73.30%     77.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rdps                    94      2.87%     80.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wrusp                    1      0.03%     80.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rti                    204      6.23%     86.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::callsys                 57      1.74%     88.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.03%     88.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rdunique               387     11.82%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wrunique                 1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::total                 3273                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::kernel             315                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::user               184                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::kernel               183                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::user                 184                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580952                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.735471                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1799791000     96.36%     96.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::user           68031500      3.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.swap_context                    112                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements           25355                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         444.476876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs            393831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           25355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           15.532676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    27.535996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   416.940880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.053781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.814338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.868119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          875543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses         875543                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        200855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       189057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       189057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4238                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4238                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       389912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         389912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       389912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        389912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          558                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          558                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        25408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        25408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        25408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        25408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       212477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       212477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       202843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       202843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4761                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4761                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       415320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       415320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       415320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       415320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.054698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.067964                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.067964                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.116347                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.116347                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.025835                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.025835                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.061177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.061177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           17916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements           25565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs           1057711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs           25565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           41.373401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst    83.576250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst   428.423750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.163235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.836765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses         2509439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses        2509439                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1216372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1216372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1216372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1216372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1216372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        25565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        25565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        25565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total        25565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        25565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total        25565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1241937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1241937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1241937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.020585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.020585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.020585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks        25565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total           25565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                      6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.hwrei                       86                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::0                     29     38.67%     38.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      1.33%     40.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      2.67%     42.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::31                    43     57.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::total                 75                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::0                      29     49.15%     49.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      1.69%     50.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      3.39%     54.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::31                     27     45.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::total                  59                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::0              856738500     99.27%     99.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::30                330500      0.04%     99.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::31               5894000      0.68%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::total          863012000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::31               0.627907                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::total            0.786667                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::swpctx                   3      3.75%      3.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::swpipl                  69     86.25%     90.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rdps                     5      6.25%     96.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rti                      3      3.75%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::total                   80                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::kernel               6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.swap_context                      3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements             576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         412.969956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs             16810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.184028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   174.277925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   238.692031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.340387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.466195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.806582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           17095                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses          17095                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         3366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           71                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total           7345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total          7345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.100791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.069137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.247059                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.247059                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.134146                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.134146                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.086556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.086556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements            1016                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs             61124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           60.161417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   120.115187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst   391.884813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.234600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.765400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses           50388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses          50388                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        23670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         23670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        23670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total          23670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        23670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total         23670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        24686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        24686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total        24686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        24686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total        24686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.041157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.041157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.041157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1016                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total            1016                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.hwrei                      153                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::0                     71     47.02%     47.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      0.66%     47.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.66%     48.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::31                    78     51.66%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::total                151                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::0                      71     49.65%     49.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      0.70%     50.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.70%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::31                     70     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::total                 143                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::0              864405000     99.75%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.02%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::31               1938500      0.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::total          866557000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::31               0.897436                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::total            0.947020                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpipl                 147     97.35%     97.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rdps                     2      1.32%     98.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rti                      2      1.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::total                  151                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::kernel               2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements              98                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         373.345279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs              1003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              98                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           10.234694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   372.345279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.727237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.729190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            6091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses           6091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total           2748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total          2748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.079322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.030055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.466667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.466667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.060834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.060834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements              87                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs             25352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs              87                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          291.402299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     1.757554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   510.242446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.003433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.996567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses           18211                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses          18211                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst         8975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          8975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst         8975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total           8975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst         8975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total          8975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           87                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           87                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         9062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         9062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total         9062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         9062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total         9062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.hwrei                       21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::0                      5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::31                    12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::total                 19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::0                       5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::31                      4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::total                  11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::0              862151500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.02%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::31                562000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::total          862927000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::total            0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpipl                  15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rdps                     2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rti                      2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::total                   19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::kernel               2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements               8                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         434.230591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs                17                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               8                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs            2.125000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   434.230591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.848107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.848107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            1330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses           1330                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total            632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total           632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.024450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.020155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.020155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total               2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst           97                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst          415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.189453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.810547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses           3774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total           1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total          1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.hwrei                       21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::0                      5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::31                    12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::total                 19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::0                       5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::31                      4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::total                  11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::0              862112000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.02%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::31                562500      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::total          862888000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::total            0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpipl                  15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rdps                     2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rti                      2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::total                   19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::kernel               2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements              36                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         426.014695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs               226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              36                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs            6.277778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   426.014695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.832060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.832060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.833984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            1379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses           1379                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total            596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total           596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total          649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total          649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.116223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.116223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.081664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.081664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements              90                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs              7130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs              90                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           79.222222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses           3878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         1804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total           1804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         1804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total          1804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           90                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           90                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total         1894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total         1894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.hwrei                       21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::0                      5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::31                    12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::total                 19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::0                       5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::31                      4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::total                  11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::0              862012500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.02%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::31                562000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::total          862788000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::total            0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::swpipl                  15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rdps                     2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rti                      2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::total                   19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::kernel               2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements              37                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         442.125768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs               456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              37                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           12.324324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   442.125768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.863527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.863527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            1370                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses           1370                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total            592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total           592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.117359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.082171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.082171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           16                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              16                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements              87                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse                507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs             17370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs              87                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs          199.655172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   103.753065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst   403.246935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.202643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.787592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3861                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses           3861                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst         1800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total           1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total          1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           87                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           87                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.046105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.046105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.046105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                      3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.hwrei                      675                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::0                    171     46.59%     46.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      0.27%     46.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.27%     47.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::31                   194     52.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::total                367                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::0                     171     49.85%     49.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      0.29%     50.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.29%     50.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::31                    170     49.56%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::total                 343                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::0              640301500     97.79%     97.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     97.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.03%     97.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::31              14239000      2.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::total          654754000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::31               0.876289                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::total            0.934605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::2                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::3                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::19                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.25%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::swpctx                  14      3.54%      3.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::tbi                      2      0.51%      4.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::swpipl                 343     86.84%     91.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rdps                     2      0.51%     91.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rdusp                    1      0.25%     91.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rti                     22      5.57%     97.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      2.28%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::total                  395                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::kernel              37                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::user                20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::kernel                21                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::user                  20                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.567568                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.719298                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         65974500     61.21%     61.21% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::user           41803000     38.79%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.swap_context                     14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements            5276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         500.888615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs             83387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            5276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           15.804966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   500.888615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.978298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          167994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses         167994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         42633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        32160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        32160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          596                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          596                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        74793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total          74793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        74793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total         74793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2207                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2207                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         5286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         5286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        45712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        45712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        34367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          631                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          631                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        80079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total        80079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        80079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total        80079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.067356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.064219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.178797                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.178797                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.055468                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.055468                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.066010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.066010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            3176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements            2760                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.988163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs            340062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs            2760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          123.210870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     0.033633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst   511.954530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.999911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses          446623                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses         446623                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       219170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        219170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       219170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         219170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       219170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        219170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total         2761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         2761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total         2761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       221931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       221931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       221931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       221931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       221931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       221931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.012441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.012441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.012441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total            2760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                      6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.hwrei                      821                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::0                    112     46.09%     46.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      0.41%     46.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      0.82%     47.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::31                   128     52.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::total                243                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::0                     112     49.78%     49.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      0.44%     50.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      0.89%     51.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::31                    110     48.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::total                 225                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::0              853171000     98.88%     98.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     98.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::30                330500      0.04%     98.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::31               9251500      1.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::total          862802000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::31               0.859375                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::total            0.925926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::6                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::48                       1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::59                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::swpctx                  56     17.78%     17.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::tbi                      4      1.27%     19.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::swpipl                 171     54.29%     73.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rdps                     5      1.59%     74.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rti                     69     21.90%     96.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      2.86%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::total                  315                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::kernel             125                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::user                66                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::kernel                66                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::user                  66                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.528000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.691099                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1269511000     99.36%     99.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::user            8192000      0.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.swap_context                     56                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements            2405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         431.045347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs             50512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            2405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           21.002911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    44.678665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   386.366682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.754622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           87711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses          87711                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        24704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         24704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        14405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total          39109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total         39109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        26456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        41645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total        41645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        41645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total        41645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.066223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.051616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.097872                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097872                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.032051                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.032051                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.060896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.060896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements            1767                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs            144978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs           82.047538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst    90.670383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst   421.329617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.177091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.822909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses          299969                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses         299969                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         147334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        147334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total         1767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       149101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       149101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       149101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       149101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       149101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       149101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total            1767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.hwrei                       21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::0                      5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::31                    12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::total                 19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::0                       5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::31                      4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::total                  11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::0              861981500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.02%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::31                562000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::total          862757000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::total            0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::swpipl                  15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rdps                     2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rti                      2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::total                   19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::kernel               2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.965027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   383.198540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    12.766487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.748435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.024935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.773369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            1326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses           1326                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total            634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total           634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.017115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016949                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016949                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.571429                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.017054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.017054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.812500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses           3774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total           1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst         1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total          1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.hwrei                       21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::0                      5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::31                    12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::total                 19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::0                       5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::31                      4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::total                  11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::0              861939000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.02%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::31                562000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::total          862714500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::total            0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::swpipl                  15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rdps                     2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rti                      2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::total                   19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::kernel               2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         389.199148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs                15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs            3.750000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   378.432728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    10.766420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.739126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.021028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.760155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            1327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses           1327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total            635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total           635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total               2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.812500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses           3774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total           1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst         1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total          1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.hwrei                       21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::0                      5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::31                    12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::total                 19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::0                       5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::31                      4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::total                  11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::0              861896500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.02%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::31                562000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::total          862672000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::total            0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::swpipl                  15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rdps                     2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rti                      2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::total                   19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::kernel               2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         396.199094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs                28                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs            9.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   383.432777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    12.766317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.748892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.024934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.773826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            1326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses           1326                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total            636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total           636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.013953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.013953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.812500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses           3774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total           1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst         1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total          1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.hwrei                       21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::0                      5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::31                    12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::total                 19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::0                       5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::31                      4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::total                  11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::0              861854000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.02%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::31                562000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::total          862629500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::total            0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::swpipl                  15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rdps                     2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rti                      2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::total                   19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::kernel               2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         386.964753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   376.198540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    10.766214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.734763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.021028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.755791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            1326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses           1326                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total            634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total           634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.016949                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016949                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.571429                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.812500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses           3774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total           1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst         1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total          1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.hwrei                       21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::0                      5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::31                    12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::total                 19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::0                       5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::31                      4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::total                  11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::0              861811500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.02%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::31                562000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::total          862587000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::31               0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::total            0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::swpipl                  15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rdps                     2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rti                      2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::total                   19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::kernel               2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.471497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   377.952195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    17.519303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.738188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.034217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.772405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            1325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses           1325                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total            636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total           636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.571429                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.013953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.013953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.810547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.019531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses           3774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total           1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst         1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total          1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.hwrei                       31                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::0                      9     31.03%     31.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      3.45%     34.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      6.90%     41.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::31                    17     58.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::total                 29                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::0                       9     42.86%     42.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      4.76%     47.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      9.52%     57.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::31                      9     42.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::total                  21                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::0              861787000     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 49000      0.01%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::30                195000      0.02%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::31                632500      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::total          862663500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::31               0.529412                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::total            0.724138                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::swpipl                  25     86.21%     86.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rdps                     2      6.90%     93.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rti                      2      6.90%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::total                   29                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::kernel               2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         435.799106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs            0.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   415.186706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    20.612400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.810912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.040259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.851170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            1610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses           1610                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total            753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total           753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total          777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total          777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.028513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.034965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.030888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.030888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse                431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.820312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses            4610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses           4610                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst         2305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          2305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total           2305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst         2305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total          2305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         2305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         2305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total         2305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 143                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1196032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        149                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  659                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 659                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               19339                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              19339                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        37460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        37460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   39996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          361                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         3142                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1196368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1196368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1199510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                18730                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                18730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               168570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              168570                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               42                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           18688                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                18688                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests        106092                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        45064                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        22034                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8218                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6164                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2054                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 613                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              39932                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                612                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               612                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        18202                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        16089                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              236                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            146                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             382                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             13823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            13823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          26626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12693                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        66646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        75151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 148070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         4416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         4494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2629184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2798232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       100160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        61484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 5598626                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           140166                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            247364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.253808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.686165                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  210823     85.23%     85.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   18567      7.51%     92.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   10004      4.04%     96.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                    7672      3.10%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                     298      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              247364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1033                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          291                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          458                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5538                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1759                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3779                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean          140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict               35                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               14                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              30                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq                32                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp               32                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            264                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           264                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                   1475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        15824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        10496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         9216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                   51520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           134610                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            135215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.097208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.507114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  129193     95.55%     95.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    1926      1.42%     96.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    2375      1.76%     98.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                     416      0.31%     99.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                    1305      0.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              135215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         24803                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11704                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2626                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           14016                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        11572                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2444                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp               9539                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 23                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                23                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4338                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3580                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             57                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             189                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5007                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         7932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        15779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         4704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         7397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  35883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       330944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       543128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       187968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       237164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1300452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                           137900                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            162473                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.154795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.527010                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                  144886     89.18%     89.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   13438      8.27%     97.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    1692      1.04%     98.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                    1500      0.92%     99.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                     957      0.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              162473                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests            87                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           45                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           22                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1957                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          294                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1663                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp                 40                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              35                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            40                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           31                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                    172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         1168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                    2752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            96131                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             96091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.072057                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.520124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   94102     97.93%     97.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                     309      0.32%     98.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      20      0.02%     98.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                      65      0.07%     98.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                    1595      1.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               96091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               19053                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3766.355761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 55567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               19053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.916444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1504.764275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst     1.131044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data     0.443745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   184.633986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   125.441711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   154.208362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   157.954271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.655671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     1.146043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     1.038344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst   860.320863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   462.317984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst   258.025098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    52.274363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.367374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.045077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.030625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.037649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.038563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.000254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.210039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.112871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.062994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.012762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.919520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4037                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2694                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985596                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              766615                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             766615                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        18202                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18202                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        16089                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        16089                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1471                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1490                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        21305                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          362                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        21694                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9276                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         9500                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        21305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              32684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        21305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10747                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             32684                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          148                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total         12289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         4260                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst          654                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4932                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          193                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2811                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         4260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst          654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            20032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst         4260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst          654                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           20032                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        18202                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18202                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        16089                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        16089                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        13574                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        13779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        25565                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1016                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        26626                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        11889                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        12311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        25565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        25463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          52716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        25565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        25463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         52716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.983871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.986667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.980198                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.981132                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.891631                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.906404                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.891864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.166634                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.643701                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.185232                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.266667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.219783                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.477723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.228332                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.166634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.577937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.643701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.621087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.379998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.166634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.577937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.643701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.621087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.379998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          10022                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               10022                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                 238                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3650.843539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                   174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                 238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                0.731092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1355.010144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.082115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    35.126846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.493493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   521.356218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   566.135328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst   477.883799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   659.755596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.330813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.008576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.127284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.138217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.116671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.161073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.891319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.918701                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses                7409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses               7409                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          104                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          104                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          140                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total          140                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           71                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          128                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           73                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total                203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total               203                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total            30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          136                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total              355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total             355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          104                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          104                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total          140                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          264                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          262                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           52                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total            558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           87                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           52                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           87                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total           558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.804598                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.211111                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.540230                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.515152                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.896104                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363636                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.387755                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.721374                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.804598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.905028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.416667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.211111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.540230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.588235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.636201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.804598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.905028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.416667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.211111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.540230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.588235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.636201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                9417                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3901.364438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                  7539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                9417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                0.800573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1573.184135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     2.021627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     2.414955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data     1.243732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst   400.764212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   625.702881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst   626.417234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   666.368932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.246730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.384078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.000494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.000590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.000304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.097843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.152759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.152934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.162688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.952482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3832                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937744                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              196947                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             196947                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4338                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4338                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3580                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         3580                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             278                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          763                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          918                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1174                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          749                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1933                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               3892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1388                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          918                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          813                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              3892                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           85                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          112                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1903                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          682                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          2585                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1998                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          849                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2847                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1940                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          985                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2928                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             8360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3843                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1667                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            8360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4338                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4338                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3580                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3580                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           85                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2863                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2761                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1767                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4528                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3114                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1734                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4861                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          12252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         2761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         12252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.913043                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.982456                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.898914                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.914209                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.902899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.723651                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.480475                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.628754                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.622993                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.568051                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.602345                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.723651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.734659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.480475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.672177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.682338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.723651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.734659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.480475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.672177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.682338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           5657                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                5657                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            2064.028352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   537.765763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   251.198540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   412.198558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     2.766633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     3.098856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.131290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.104004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.061328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.034180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.029297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.041748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.100634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.503913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.504150                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses                 577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses                577                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total               16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total              16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total             34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total            34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.454545                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.470588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.470588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             12386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        28901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        18688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        18688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        40079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        57113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         9777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        55381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        56149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                123039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       405184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1516800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1924898                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       269504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       269732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        16384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1182336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1198720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                3393350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           77713                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           159125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.488308                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  81423     51.17%     51.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  77702     48.83%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             159125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq               30                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp              30                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side          993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total          993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                   993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        29568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        29568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                  29568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          134988                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           134538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.995525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.066743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                    602      0.45%      0.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 133936     99.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             134538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              5779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                23                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               23                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            57                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        25804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        25804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 25804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       896484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       896484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 896484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                          128826                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples           145492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.881327                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.323405                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  17266     11.87%     11.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                 128226     88.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total             145492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              3135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        33466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            79                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             78                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            33119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           32929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total          115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       108342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       108342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                108457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      4448896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      4448896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                4449984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           23890                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            96055                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.247160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.431363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  72314     75.28%     75.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  23741     24.72%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              96055                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        29908                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.617479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        29908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.004146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.263680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     0.186095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.187843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     1.437623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     2.945684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.595229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.001324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.641480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.011631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.011740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.089851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.184105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.037202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       541824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       541824                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        27943                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27943                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11911                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        12084                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst          944                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1083                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2085                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        18432                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        18432                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        14169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst          944                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12994                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        14169                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        27943                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27943                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        11914                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        12087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          945                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1098                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2101                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        18432                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        18432                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        13012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        14188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        13012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        14188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999748                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.998942                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.986339                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992385                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.998942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.998617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.998942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.998617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        27914                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        27914                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements          417                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.966481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs          417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.026379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.965719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     1.770999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.000104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.740643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.234985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.274390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     0.001986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.247857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.061103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.110687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.108790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.014687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.329649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.000124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.872905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses         5197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses         5197                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          106                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          106                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          325                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           22                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total          355                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          106                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          106                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          138                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total          355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          104                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          104                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements        11371                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.438246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           60                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs        11371                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.005277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.426692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.536625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     1.357126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     6.689487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     1.428184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.276668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.096039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.084820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.418093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.089262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       151611                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       151611                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5657                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5657                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1895                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          677                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         2572                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1998                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1940                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          849                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          984                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5774                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         8346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3835                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          849                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1661                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         8346                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5657                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5657                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1897                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          677                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2574                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1940                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          985                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5775                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         8349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         8349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.998946                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999223                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998985                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999827                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.999398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.999398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         5658                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         5658                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     0.334119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.000863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.333254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.020828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses          268                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses          268                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4154                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.188678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.028166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.218544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.698514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.976960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.000074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.003409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     0.008358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     0.006222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.792118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     1.065610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     5.796500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.617645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.000269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.003446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.013659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.168657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.061060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.174507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.066601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.362281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.038603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.886792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        50971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        50971                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          191                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          191                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           97                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1753                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          791                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          650                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3984                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         4020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           31                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         1753                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          620                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst          791                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          660                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         4020                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          191                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          191                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          608                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          653                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4081                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         4117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         1781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         4117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.894737                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.680851                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.739130                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.984278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.981908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962287                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.995406                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.976231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.894737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.680851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.984278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.982567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.995475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.976439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.894737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.680851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.984278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.982567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.995475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.976439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          191                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        36583                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.762621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           20                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        36583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.845153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.000419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     1.419687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     1.916801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.037667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.020316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.000026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.000351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     0.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     0.131014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.183908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     0.027281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.179875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.740322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.088730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.119800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.001270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.008188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.011494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.011242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       643573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       643573                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        33485                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        33485                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11827                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1816                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          667                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        18432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        32928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst          944                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst          217                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          279                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3120                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst          217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        18432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        36048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst          944                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12729                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          197                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst          217                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2413                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          946                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        18432                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        36048                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        33485                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        33485                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        11833                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1816                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          667                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        18432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        32934                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          944                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          909                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3129                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        12742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        18432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        36063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        12742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        18432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        36063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.992299                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.996429                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997124                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.998980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.998980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks        33466                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total        33466                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits              19306                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits             11290                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_hits              30596                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_hits             10754                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_accesses         10754                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2153939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts             98526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps               98526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_alu_accesses        94649                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_func_calls              9004                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus00.num_conditional_control_insts         6536                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_insts              94649                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_reads       120419                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_writes        73305                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_mem_refs               30742                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus00.num_load_insts             19450                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_store_insts            11292                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_idle_cycles     2031747.970858                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_busy_cycles     122191.029142                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus00.not_idle_fraction       0.056729                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.idle_fraction           0.943271                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.Branches                   16826                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::No_OpClass          445      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntAlu           62851     63.79%     64.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntMult             79      0.08%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemRead          21053     21.37%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemWrite         11294     11.46%     97.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IprAccess         2804      2.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::total            98526                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                416                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits               245                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_hits                661                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_hits               301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_accesses           301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                1726196                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts              1887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps                1887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_alu_accesses         1798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_func_calls                78                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus01.num_conditional_control_insts          134                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_insts               1798                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_reads         2416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_writes         1404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_mem_refs                 663                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus01.num_load_insts               416                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_store_insts              247                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_idle_cycles     1724322.411746                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_busy_cycles      1873.588254                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus01.not_idle_fraction       0.001085                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.idle_fraction           0.998915                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.Branches                     250                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::No_OpClass           11      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntAlu            1097     58.13%     58.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntMult              5      0.26%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemRead            433     22.95%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemWrite           247     13.09%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IprAccess           94      4.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::total             1887                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits             216059                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses              483                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses          22283                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits            207759                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses             210                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses         15164                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_hits             423818                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_misses              693                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_accesses          37447                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_hits            171465                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_misses             369                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_accesses        171834                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2153825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1241244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1241244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_alu_accesses      1190017                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_alu_accesses         2857                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_func_calls             39993                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus02.num_conditional_control_insts       123119                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_insts            1190017                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_insts                2857                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_reads      1661791                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_writes       841550                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_reads         1254                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_writes         1278                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_mem_refs              426257                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus02.num_load_insts            217934                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_store_insts           208323                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_idle_cycles     613212.647634                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_busy_cycles     1540612.352366                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus02.not_idle_fraction       0.715291                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.idle_fraction           0.284709                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.Branches                  175876                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::No_OpClass        26271      2.12%      2.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntAlu          755180     60.81%     62.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntMult           2656      0.21%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatAdd           450      0.04%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCvt            11      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMult            2      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemRead         225855     18.19%     81.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemWrite        208793     16.81%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IprAccess        22716      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::total          1241937                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits               4497                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses             19                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits              3705                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_hits               8202                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_misses                3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_accesses             19                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_hits              1057                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_accesses          1057                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                1726030                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts             24683                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps               24683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_alu_accesses        23945                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_alu_accesses          141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_func_calls              1042                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus03.num_conditional_control_insts         2352                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_insts              23945                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_insts                 141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_reads        33215                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_writes        17422                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_mem_refs                8234                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus03.num_load_insts              4517                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_store_insts             3717                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_idle_cycles     1701501.771136                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_busy_cycles     24528.228864                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus03.not_idle_fraction       0.014211                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.idle_fraction           0.985789                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.Branches                    3679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::No_OpClass          220      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntAlu           15641     63.36%     64.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntMult             56      0.23%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatAdd            11      0.04%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemRead           4650     18.84%     83.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemWrite          3721     15.07%     98.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IprAccess          387      1.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::total            24686                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits               1843                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits              1115                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_hits               2958                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_hits              1489                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_accesses          1489                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                1733116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts              9062                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps                9062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_alu_accesses         8655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_func_calls               322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus04.num_conditional_control_insts          627                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_insts               8655                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_reads        11822                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_writes         6868                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_mem_refs                2960                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus04.num_load_insts              1843                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_store_insts             1117                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_idle_cycles     1724074.749047                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_busy_cycles      9041.250953                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus04.not_idle_fraction       0.005217                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.idle_fraction           0.994783                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.Branches                    1139                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::No_OpClass           27      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntAlu            5411     59.71%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntMult              7      0.08%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemRead           1878     20.72%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemWrite          1117     12.33%     93.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IprAccess          622      6.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::total             9062                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                416                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits               245                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_hits                661                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_hits               301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_accesses           301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                1725856                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts              1887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps                1887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_alu_accesses         1798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_func_calls                78                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus05.num_conditional_control_insts          134                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_insts               1798                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_reads         2416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_writes         1404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_mem_refs                 663                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus05.num_load_insts               416                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_store_insts              247                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_idle_cycles     1723982.780777                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_busy_cycles      1873.219223                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus05.not_idle_fraction       0.001085                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.idle_fraction           0.998915                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.Branches                     250                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::No_OpClass           11      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntAlu            1097     58.13%     58.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntMult              5      0.26%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemRead            433     22.95%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemWrite           247     13.09%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IprAccess           94      4.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::total             1887                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                420                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits               245                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_hits                665                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_hits               301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_accesses           301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                1725778                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts              1894                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps                1894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_alu_accesses         1807                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_func_calls                78                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus06.num_conditional_control_insts          136                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_insts               1807                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_reads         2427                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_writes         1411                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_mem_refs                 667                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus06.num_load_insts               420                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_store_insts              247                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_idle_cycles     1723897.909500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_busy_cycles      1880.090500                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus06.not_idle_fraction       0.001089                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.idle_fraction           0.998911                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.Branches                     252                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::No_OpClass            9      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntAlu            1102     58.18%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntMult              5      0.26%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemRead            437     23.07%     82.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemWrite           247     13.04%     95.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IprAccess           94      4.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::total             1894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                416                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits               245                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_hits                661                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_hits               301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_accesses           301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                1725578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts              1887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps                1887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_alu_accesses         1798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_func_calls                78                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus07.num_conditional_control_insts          134                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_insts               1798                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_reads         2416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_writes         1404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_mem_refs                 663                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus07.num_load_insts               416                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_store_insts              247                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_idle_cycles     1723705.082514                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_busy_cycles      1872.917486                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus07.not_idle_fraction       0.001085                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.idle_fraction           0.998915                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.Branches                     250                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::No_OpClass           11      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntAlu            1097     58.13%     58.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntMult              5      0.26%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemRead            433     22.95%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemWrite           247     13.09%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IprAccess           94      4.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::total             1887                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits              46214                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses              129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses          18319                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits             34978                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses              18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_acv                 10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses         10411                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_hits              81192                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_misses              147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_acv                  10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_accesses          28730                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_hits             87680                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_misses             121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_accesses         87801                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                1309063                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            221774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              221774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_alu_accesses       214405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_alu_accesses          343                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_func_calls              5705                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus08.num_conditional_control_insts        23820                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_insts             214405                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_insts                 343                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_reads       294192                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_writes       153125                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_reads          178                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_mem_refs               81524                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus08.num_load_insts             46473                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_store_insts            35051                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_idle_cycles     1141690.532049                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_busy_cycles     167372.467951                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus08.not_idle_fraction       0.127857                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.idle_fraction           0.872143                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.Branches                   31246                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::No_OpClass         3878      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntAlu          131053     59.05%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntMult            187      0.08%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatAdd            46      0.02%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemRead          47482     21.39%     82.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemWrite         35332     15.92%     98.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IprAccess         3950      1.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::total           221931                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits              26398                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses              325                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_acv                  12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses           1841                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits             15571                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses              34                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_acv                  8                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses           894                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_hits              41969                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_misses              359                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_acv                  20                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_accesses           2735                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_hits             23460                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_misses             124                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_accesses         23584                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                1725610                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            148722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              148722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_alu_accesses       143273                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_alu_accesses          239                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_func_calls              3124                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus09.num_conditional_control_insts        18777                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_insts             143273                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_insts                 239                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_reads       189471                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_writes       107545                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_reads          120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_writes          121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_mem_refs               43051                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus09.num_load_insts             27267                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_store_insts            15784                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_idle_cycles     1577344.717775                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_busy_cycles     148265.282225                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus09.not_idle_fraction       0.085921                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.idle_fraction           0.914079                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.Branches                   23039                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::No_OpClass         2770      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntAlu           95528     64.07%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntMult            154      0.10%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatAdd            32      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemRead          28341     19.01%     85.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemWrite         15806     10.60%     95.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IprAccess         6467      4.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::total           149101                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                416                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits               245                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_hits                661                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_hits               301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_accesses           301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                1725516                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts              1887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps                1887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_alu_accesses         1798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_func_calls                78                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus10.num_conditional_control_insts          134                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_insts               1798                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_reads         2416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_writes         1404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_mem_refs                 663                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus10.num_load_insts               416                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_store_insts              247                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_idle_cycles     1723643.149808                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_busy_cycles      1872.850192                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus10.not_idle_fraction       0.001085                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.idle_fraction           0.998915                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.Branches                     250                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::No_OpClass           11      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntAlu            1097     58.13%     58.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntMult              5      0.26%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemRead            433     22.95%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemWrite           247     13.09%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IprAccess           94      4.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::total             1887                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                416                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits               245                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_hits                661                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_hits               301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_accesses           301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                1725431                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts              1887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps                1887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_alu_accesses         1798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_func_calls                78                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus11.num_conditional_control_insts          134                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_insts               1798                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_reads         2416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_writes         1404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_mem_refs                 663                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus11.num_load_insts               416                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_store_insts              247                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_idle_cycles     1723558.242066                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_busy_cycles      1872.757934                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus11.not_idle_fraction       0.001085                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.idle_fraction           0.998915                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.Branches                     250                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::No_OpClass           11      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntAlu            1097     58.13%     58.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntMult              5      0.26%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemRead            433     22.95%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemWrite           247     13.09%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IprAccess           94      4.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::total             1887                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                416                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits               245                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_hits                661                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_hits               301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_accesses           301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                1725346                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts              1887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps                1887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_alu_accesses         1798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_func_calls                78                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus12.num_conditional_control_insts          134                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_insts               1798                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_reads         2416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_writes         1404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_mem_refs                 663                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus12.num_load_insts               416                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_store_insts              247                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_idle_cycles     1723473.334324                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_busy_cycles      1872.665676                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus12.not_idle_fraction       0.001085                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.idle_fraction           0.998915                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.Branches                     250                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::No_OpClass           11      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntAlu            1097     58.13%     58.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntMult              5      0.26%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemRead            433     22.95%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemWrite           247     13.09%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IprAccess           94      4.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::total             1887                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                416                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits               245                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_hits                661                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_hits               301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_accesses           301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                1725261                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts              1887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps                1887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_alu_accesses         1798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_func_calls                78                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus13.num_conditional_control_insts          134                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_insts               1798                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_reads         2416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_writes         1404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_mem_refs                 663                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus13.num_load_insts               416                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_store_insts              247                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_idle_cycles     1723388.426582                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_busy_cycles      1872.573418                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus13.not_idle_fraction       0.001085                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.idle_fraction           0.998915                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.Branches                     250                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::No_OpClass           11      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntAlu            1097     58.13%     58.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntMult              5      0.26%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemRead            433     22.95%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemWrite           247     13.09%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IprAccess           94      4.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::total             1887                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                416                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits               245                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_hits                661                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_hits               301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_accesses           301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                1725176                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts              1887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps                1887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_alu_accesses         1798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_func_calls                78                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus14.num_conditional_control_insts          134                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_insts               1798                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_reads         2416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_writes         1404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_mem_refs                 663                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus14.num_load_insts               416                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_store_insts              247                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_idle_cycles     1723303.518839                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_busy_cycles      1872.481161                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus14.not_idle_fraction       0.001085                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.idle_fraction           0.998915                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.Branches                     250                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::No_OpClass           11      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntAlu            1097     58.13%     58.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntMult              5      0.26%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemRead            433     22.95%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemWrite           247     13.09%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IprAccess           94      4.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::total             1887                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                501                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits               298                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_hits                799                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_hits               391                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_accesses           391                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                1725329                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts              2305                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps                2305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_alu_accesses         2188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_func_calls                92                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus15.num_conditional_control_insts          166                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_insts               2188                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_reads         2946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_writes         1713                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_mem_refs                 801                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus15.num_load_insts               501                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_store_insts              300                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_idle_cycles     1723041.092012                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_busy_cycles      2287.907988                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus15.not_idle_fraction       0.001326                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.idle_fraction           0.998674                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.Branches                     310                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::No_OpClass            9      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntAlu            1333     57.83%     58.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntMult              5      0.22%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemRead            523     22.69%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemWrite           301     13.06%     94.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IprAccess          134      5.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::total             2305                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8200                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             39                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            39                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        33676                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3633                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          376                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          121                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          372                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         33161                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        33118                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8196                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        95042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        95042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total          979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         9712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        15122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        24834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             120935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      3872960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      3872960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        14016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        15424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       266788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       629568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       896356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             4799588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        54090                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        134119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.400174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.489935                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               80448     59.98%     59.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               53671     40.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          134119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
