
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000356                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   355905500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2271413532000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              145833844                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                145830158                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              333209733                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1319324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   155759300                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     155759300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       105472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data        65024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst        25664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        37120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst       100032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data       150400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            483712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       105472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        25664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       100032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       231168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       106176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         106176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         1016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst          401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data         2350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst    296348328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    182700183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst     72109029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    104297349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst    281063372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data    422584085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1359102346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst    296348328                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst     72109029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst    281063372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       649520730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      298326382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           298326382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      298326382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst    296348328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    182700183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst     72109029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    104297349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst    281063372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data    422584085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1657428728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         9600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       104064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data       411200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            569152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         9600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       469888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         469888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data         6425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               8893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         7342                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7342                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst     26973452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    292392222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst      1978053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    112569207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst      9890266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data   1155362870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1599166071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst     26973452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      1978053                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst      9890266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        38841771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1320260575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1320260575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1320260575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst     26973452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    292392222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst      1978053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    112569207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst      9890266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data   1155362870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2919426646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357342500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357507000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          376.093717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                  8                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    4                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   375.515602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.578116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.733429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.566406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357342500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357507000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          405.683083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                 21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   21                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   405.105326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.577757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.791221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.792350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357342500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357507000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          228.994022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   228.416623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.577399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.446126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.447254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.289062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357288500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357453000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.232227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   442.655187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.577041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.864561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                       570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                     162     47.65%     47.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                    177     52.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                 340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                      162     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                     161     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                  324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0               139107500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12117500      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151389500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.909605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.952941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.31%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.28%      3.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                  321     88.43%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.28%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.96%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                   363                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61819000     75.46%     75.46% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.54%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             4840                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.250284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs              70694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.606198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    24.587580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   436.662704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.048023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.852857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129845                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        30710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        25606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data        56316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total           56316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data        56316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total          56316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          4954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         4954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        33486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        27784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        61270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        61270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.082900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.078390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.160920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.044408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.080855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.080855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             2967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             2442                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             290883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs           119.116708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst    25.887862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   486.112138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.050562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.949438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           335780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          335780                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         164227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          164227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         164227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          2442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         2442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       166669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       166669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2442                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             2442                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                       786                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                      94     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                    103     51.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                 200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                       94     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.58%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                      93     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                  190                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351193000     98.20%     98.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6094500      1.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357648500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.902913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.17%     21.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.82%     23.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                  129     47.08%     70.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.36%     70.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.18%     95.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.28%     99.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.73%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                   274                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel              127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1894904000     99.57%     99.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             2158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.479991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              23869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.060704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data    99.125609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   358.354382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.193605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.699911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            79662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           79662                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        22580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        12706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        35286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           35286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        35286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          35286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          2403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         2403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        24307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        13382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        37689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        37689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.071049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.050516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.073996                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.073996                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.044492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.063759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.063759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             1129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             1239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             104492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            84.335755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst   200.631976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   311.368024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.391859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.608141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           277427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          277427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         136855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          136855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         136855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       138094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       138094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total             1239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                      1212                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                     250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                 498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                      248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                     247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                  496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0               552359000     98.27%     98.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9610000      1.71%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total           562081000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      1.22%      1.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.20%     10.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                  397     68.92%     79.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.17%     79.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.36%     97.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.60%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                   576                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1681871000     95.70%     95.70% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500      4.30%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements            12461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          424.591042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             153584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.325175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data   105.432106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   319.158936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.205922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.623357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           356119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          356119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        76496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        79988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       156484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total          156484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       156484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total         156484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data        12663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total         12663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data        12663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total        12663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        82247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        86900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       169147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       169147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.069924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.079540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.121378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.121378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.070810                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070810                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.074864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.074864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total             8107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             4451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             317252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            71.276567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   204.639966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   307.231792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.399687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.600062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           910870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          910870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         448757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          448757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         448757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          4452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         4452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       453209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       453209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       453209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             4451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357297500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357462000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          408.843878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data   407.692341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     1.151537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.796274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.002249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.798523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst          507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests            15                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1093                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          852                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          241                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     31                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                     656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            38161                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             38094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.035124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.215741                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   36997     97.12%     97.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                     856      2.25%     99.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     241      0.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               38094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests            12                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3663                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2691                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          972                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                     28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                     528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            49410                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             48967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.094737                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.354210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   45300     92.51%     92.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2695      5.50%     98.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     972      1.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               48967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21898                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11185                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1307                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10095                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8980                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1115                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp               8317                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             48                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         6989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        14708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         3374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         6894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  31965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       291008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       501648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       136640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       225496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1154792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            52135                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             73910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.190313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.429831                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   60974     82.50%     82.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   11809     15.98%     98.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    1124      1.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               73910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34282                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16839                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1382                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10482                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9521                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          961                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              10362                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3737                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               91                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             93                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        12600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        37676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  50297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       521472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1333568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1855368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            37956                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             72194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.193216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.427210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   59206     82.01%     82.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   12027     16.66%     98.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                     961      1.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               72194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3702.359066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                       0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   683.650784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           39                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           27                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1975.423663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   977.283050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.001566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.166907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.009521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.006592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.482281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.238594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.903896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          556                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.903320                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                 110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                110                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total              7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total             7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            2981.812117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                       0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1175.317513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   372.401435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   587.092076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.001089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.286943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.100098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.090918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.106689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.143333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.727981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.663574                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses                  85                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses                 85                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total                5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total               5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total              7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total             7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks              1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                   1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                8108                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3584.196419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                  5320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                8108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                0.656142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1816.460275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst    25.278668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    34.124450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst     1.297357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     2.074459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   540.797443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   490.493778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   260.446598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   413.223391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.443472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.006172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.008331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.132031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.119749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.063586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.100885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.875048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.770752                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              175608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             175608                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3001                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         3001                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             29                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1469                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1048                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1978                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               3776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              3776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          156                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          2292                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2212                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2561                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             7065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            7065                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3001                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3001                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          631                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3681                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2829                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1710                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4539                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          10841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         10841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.822785                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.962963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.843243                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.876884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.866878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.874475                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736282                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.600924                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.629551                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.456140                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564221                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.731687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.566852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.651693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.731687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.566852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.651693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           5193                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                5193                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements               10259                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3529.807036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 17464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs               10259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.702310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1582.039074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   214.942265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data   116.817632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst   296.178312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data   142.694119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   405.277005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   771.676412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.182216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.386240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.052476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.028520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.072309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.034837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.098945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.188398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.861769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987549                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              281670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             281670                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         3696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2520                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               5750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              5750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          6426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         3380                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         9806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            11426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         9806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           11426                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         6823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         5899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5901                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        12722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          17176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        12722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         17176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.941814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.941814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.363657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.572978                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.572954                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.770791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.665231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.770791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.665231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           3815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                3815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        21570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 21592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       595200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 595536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           23604                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            38088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.617045                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.486114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  14586     38.30%     38.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  23502     61.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              38088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                    22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side          400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total          400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                    400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           50541                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            48964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                     12      0.02%      0.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  48952     99.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              48964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              4773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            48                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           44433                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            58862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.745795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.435417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  14963     25.42%     25.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  43899     74.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              58862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              5613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        18166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        13748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        31914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total         9414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 41328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       650176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       324168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       974344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1397128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           20695                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            48121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.429127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  27471     57.09%     57.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  20650     42.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              48121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.000697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks           14                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.875000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           34                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           34                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements            1                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     9.045230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs            1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.620212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.423926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.001089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.163763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.088995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.250000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.565327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses           78                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses           78                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         9899                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.670408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           59                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         9899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.005960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.717754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.001951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.000305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.395102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.759520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     4.276763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.519013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.357360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.087194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.047470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.267298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.094938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.854401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       131425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       131425                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         2275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         7048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         7048                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         7048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         7048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         5193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         5193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         4436                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.819028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           79                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         4436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.017809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.499582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst     0.727432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data     1.819903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst     0.364316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     1.821773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     3.160293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.425730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.156224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.045464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.113744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.022770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.113861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.197518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.276608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.926189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        78994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        78994                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2286                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3849                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         4400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2837                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         4400                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2291                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         4406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         4406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.997818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998444                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks          650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total          650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8716                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.892664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.764012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.649432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.766326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.883895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.160196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     3.176807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.491997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.235251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.103090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.047895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.055243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.072512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.198550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.280750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       120385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       120385                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          569                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          643                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7070                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         7639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1048                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          620                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2357                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         7639                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          569                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          646                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         7646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         7646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.995356                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996753                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999011                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1659                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1659                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         4798                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    13.138172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         4798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.024887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.002971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.000355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.126734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.366318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.017818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.598391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.689055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.007921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.022895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.099899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.821136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses        61782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses        61782                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         1808                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          354                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          632                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1272                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         2424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998138                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996748                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         4185                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         4185                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              4542416998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4540062227.045979                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2354770.954021                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4542417083                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      4540062312.001916                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      2354770.998084                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4542417168                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4540062396.957852                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2354771.042148                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4542417253                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4540062481.913789                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2354771.086212                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits               33981                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses            8138                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits              28374                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses           4590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits               62355                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses           12728                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits              43548                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses          43642                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles                  302085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             166557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps               166557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses       160803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses           245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls               4181                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts        17259                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts              160803                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                  245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads       221769                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes       113534                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs                62619                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts              34185                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts             28434                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      231312.985198                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      70772.014802                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.234278                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.765722                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                    22730                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass         2813      1.69%      1.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu            96605     57.96%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult             153      0.09%     59.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead           35138     21.08%     80.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite          28714     17.23%     98.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess          3216      1.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total            166669                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits               24234                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits              13749                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits               37983                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits              23180                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses          23305                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles              4542417622                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts             137709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps               137709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses       132401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls               2735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts        16770                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts              132401                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads       175525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes       100562                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs                39091                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts              25118                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts             13973                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      3660386668.985910                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      882030953.014090                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.194177                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.805823                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                    20547                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass         2817      2.04%      2.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu            88642     64.19%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead           26160     18.94%     85.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite          13983     10.13%     95.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess          6378      4.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total            138094                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits               83056                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits              88112                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits              171168                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits             161949                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses         162101                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles              4542827065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts             452726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps               452726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses       435758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls               8571                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts        47486                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts              435758                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads       626642                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes       295921                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs               172286                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts              83896                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts             88390                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      1649452164.236589                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      2893374900.763411                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.636911                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.363089                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                    58935                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass         9717      2.14%      2.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu           257966     56.92%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult             513      0.11%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead           86150     19.01%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite          88461     19.52%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess          9003      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total            453209                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles              4542417508                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      4540062736.781597                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      2354771.218403                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5843                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4843                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          227                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          291                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2834                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2826                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        11239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        10197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        21436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        12811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              34276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       337128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       446336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       323272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       323272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1107200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        25374                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         48962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.505351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499976                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               24219     49.46%     49.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               24743     50.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           48962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.453686                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                453686015000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2725456029500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 473599                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   473599                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              202573033                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1330588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2239.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1060680106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1060680106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       117504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        47488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        53376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst     52675712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     32313024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       112192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        78336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data         4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          85461440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       117504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        53376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     52675712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       112192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst          832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     52966400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     12774976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       12774976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       823058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       504891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1335335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       199609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            199609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       258999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       104672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       117650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       102414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    116106096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     71223320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       247290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       172666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst         7335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data         3103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst         1129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data         4514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst         6489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data         4373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst         1834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data         9451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            188371334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       258999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       117650                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    116106096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       247290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         7335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst         1129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         6489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         1834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       116746821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       28158188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            28158188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       28158188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       258999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       104672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       117650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       102414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    116106096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     71223320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       247290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       172666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst         7335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data         3103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst         1129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data         4514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst         6489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data         4373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst         1834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data         9451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           216529522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    219367232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     98619392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         317986624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks    219327104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      219327104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      3427613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::tsunami.ide      1540928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            4968541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks      3426986                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           3426986                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    483522138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::tsunami.ide      217373665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            700895803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks      483433689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           483433689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks      483433689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    483522138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::tsunami.ide     217373665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total          1184329493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       153664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        65088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       265024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data   1264335744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        17600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data        11328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data         5312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     95318016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total        1360199360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       265024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total       278912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks    845013184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      845013184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     19755246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data          177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide      1489344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total           21253115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks     13203331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total          13203331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        28919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       338701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       143465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       584157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   2786807841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        38793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data        24969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data         9310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data        20878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        11709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide      210096879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           2998107314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        28919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       584157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total          614769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1862550654                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1862550654                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1862550654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        28919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       338701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         1693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       143465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       584157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   2786807841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        38793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data        24969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data         9310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data        20878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        11709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide     210096879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          4860657968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     468                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     10246                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    2268     25.17%     25.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72      0.80%     25.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    464      5.15%     31.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     31.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   6205     68.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                9010                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     2268     44.71%     44.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72      1.42%     46.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     464      9.15%     55.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    2268     44.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 5073                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            453262557000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               22736000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              395342500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        453686200000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.365512                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.563041                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      0.15%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.02%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7918     83.96%     84.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    930      9.86%     94.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     94.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     555      5.88%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.10%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  9431                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              572                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.036713                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.069257                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          63877500     44.51%     44.51% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            79634500     55.49%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             9920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          495.513462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             139792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.091935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   495.513462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.967800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           996336                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          996336                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       302373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         302373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       170783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        170783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3370                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3370                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       473156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          473156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       473156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         473156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4199                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4199                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          582                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          582                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          643                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          643                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         11859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        11859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       310033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       310033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       174982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       174982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       485015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       485015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       485015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       485015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023997                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023997                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.147267                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.147267                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.166451                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.166451                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             7099                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             671500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            94.590787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2875422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2875422                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1427061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1427061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1427061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1427061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1427061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1427061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         7100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         7100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          7100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         7100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         7100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1434161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1434161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1434161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1434161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1434161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1434161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             7099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     469                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      8939                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1986     26.74%     26.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    464      6.25%     32.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.03%     33.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   4974     66.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                7426                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1986     44.77%     44.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     464     10.46%     55.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.05%     55.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    1984     44.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 4436                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            452773113000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               22736000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 321000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              249780000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        453045950000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.398874                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.597361                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   57      0.72%      0.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.05%      0.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6427     80.72%     81.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    931     11.69%     93.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     533      6.69%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.11%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  7962                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              122                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                468                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.557377                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.002137                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.207002                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          68985500      5.35%      5.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8469000      0.66%      6.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1211786000     93.99%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      57                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5773                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          431.249632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              57375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.938507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     6.108575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   425.141057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.011931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.830354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.842284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           631618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          631618                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       195983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         195983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       104640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        104640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       300623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          300623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       300623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         300623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          159                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          159                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          7684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         7684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       202356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       202356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       105951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       105951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1879                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1879                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1872                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1872                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       308307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       308307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       308307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       308307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.031494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.012374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.071315                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.071315                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.084936                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.084936                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.024923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.024923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1724                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1724                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             5045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             258329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            51.204955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    32.133339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   479.866661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.062760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.937240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1954561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1954561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       969713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         969713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       969713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          969713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       969713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         969713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          5045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         5045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       974758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       974758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       974758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       974758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       974758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       974758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             5045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    5474                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    559838                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  152750     43.29%     43.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                   1822      0.52%     43.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    464      0.13%     43.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 197798     56.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              352834                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   148909     49.62%     49.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                    1822      0.61%     50.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     464      0.15%     50.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  148909     49.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               300104                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            428797739000     94.47%     94.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21              130273000      0.03%     94.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               22736000      0.01%     94.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            24941162500      5.49%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        453891910500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.974854                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.752834                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.850553                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         9      7.03%      7.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      2.34%      9.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4      3.12%     12.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.78%     13.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.78%     14.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                      106     82.81%     96.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      0.78%     97.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.78%     98.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.78%     99.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.78%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   128                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    8      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  173      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               315181     86.93%     86.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                  11377      3.14%     90.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     90.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   35367      9.75%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 137      0.04%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                316      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                362561                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            35539                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              29537                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              29536                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                29537                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.831087                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.907754                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      176210125000     38.76%     38.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        278464149000     61.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     173                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         25475935                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.824948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          234325228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         25475935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.197905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.061060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.763888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        545340215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       545340215                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     91092625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       91092625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    142106611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     142106611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       577242                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       577242                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       675478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       675478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    233199236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       233199236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    233199236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      233199236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     11117291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     11117291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     14263002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     14263002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        98482                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        98482                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          232                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          232                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     25380293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      25380293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     25380293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     25380293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    102209916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    102209916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    156369613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    156369613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       675724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       675724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       675710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       675710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    258579529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    258579529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    258579529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    258579529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.108769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.108769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.091213                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.091213                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.145743                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.145743                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000343                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000343                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.098153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.098153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     14915562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         14915562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          1832437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          886018416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1832437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           483.519169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.187229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.812771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1798113559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1798113559                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    896308124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      896308124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    896308124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       896308124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    896308124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      896308124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1832437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1832437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1832437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       1832437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1832437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      1832437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    898140561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    898140561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    898140561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    898140561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    898140561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    898140561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1832437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          1832437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     469                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      8050                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    1880     26.43%     26.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    464      6.52%     32.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.03%     32.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   4768     67.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                7114                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     1880     44.51%     44.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     464     10.98%     55.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.05%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    1878     44.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 4224                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            452780259500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               22736000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 330500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              242539000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        453045865000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.393876                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.593759                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6182     81.54%     81.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    931     12.28%     93.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     466      6.15%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  7582                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              469                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          416.644213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              26340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.068807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   105.605948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   311.038266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.206262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.607497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.813758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.826172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           493205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          493205                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       153855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         153855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        84024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         84024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1386                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1386                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1297                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1297                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       237879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          237879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       237879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         237879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           67                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           67                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       157140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       157140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        84701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        84701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1448                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1448                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       241841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       241841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       241841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       241841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.020905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.007993                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007993                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.046111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.104282                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.104282                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             3308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             147595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.617594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    39.381120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   472.618880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.076916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.923084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1452182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         1452182                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       721129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         721129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       721129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          721129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       721129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         721129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          3308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         3308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       724437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       724437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       724437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       724437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       724437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       724437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3308                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             3308                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                     465                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                      8246                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                    1936     26.46%     26.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                    464      6.34%     32.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                   4917     67.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                7318                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                     1936     44.65%     44.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                     464     10.70%     55.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                    1935     44.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                 4336                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0            452781577500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22               22736000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31              241344500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total        453045822500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.393533                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.592512                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6388     82.10%     82.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                    928     11.93%     94.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                     465      5.98%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                  7781                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel              465                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             3645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          422.147532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs              22657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.215912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   422.147532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.824507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.833984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           547469                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          547469                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       172392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         172392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        90426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         90426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data       262818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          262818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data       262818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         262818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          562                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          562                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          155                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          155                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          5446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         5446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       177276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       177276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        90988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        90988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1421                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1421                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1414                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1414                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       268264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       268264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       268264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       268264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.027550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.006177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.077410                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077410                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.109618                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.109618                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.020301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.020301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             3297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             124304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs            37.702153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.010143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   511.989857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1664313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses         1664313                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       827211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         827211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       827211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          827211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       827211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         827211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         3297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         3297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          3297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         3297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         3297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       830508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       830508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       830508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       830508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       830508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       830508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             3297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                     465                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                      8096                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                    1862     25.98%     25.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                    464      6.47%     32.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                   4841     67.54%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                7168                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                     1862     44.46%     44.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                     464     11.08%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                    1861     44.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                 4188                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0            452782900500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22               22736000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31              239979000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total        453045780000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.384425                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.584263                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6238     81.75%     81.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                    928     12.16%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                     465      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                  7631                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel              465                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             3577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          454.757923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              21953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.137266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   445.757923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.870621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           542333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          542333                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       170866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         170866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        89589                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         89589                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data       260455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total          260455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data       260455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total         260455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         4795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          147                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          147                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         5326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          5326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         5326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         5326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       175661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       175661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        90120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        90120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1411                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1411                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1403                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1403                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       265781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total       265781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       265781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total       265781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.027297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.069454                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.069454                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.104775                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.104775                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.020039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.020039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             3238                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             105984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            32.731316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst    92.003049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   419.996951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.179693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.820307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1648672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses         1648672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       819479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         819479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       819479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          819479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       819479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         819479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         3238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         3238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          3238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         3238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         3238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       822717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       822717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       822717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       822717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       822717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       822717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total             3238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                     465                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                      8078                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                    1904     26.63%     26.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                    464      6.49%     33.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     33.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                   4781     66.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                7150                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                     1904     44.57%     44.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                     464     10.86%     55.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                    1903     44.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                 4272                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0            452783454000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22               22736000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31              239383000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total        453045737500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.398034                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.597483                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6220     81.70%     81.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                    928     12.19%     93.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                     465      6.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                  7613                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel              465                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements             2214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          449.155182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs              18131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.189250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   449.155182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.877256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.877256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.884766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           480025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          480025                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       150785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         150785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        81241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         81241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1264                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1264                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       232026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total          232026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       232026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total         232026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         3054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         3505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total          3505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         3505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total         3505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       153839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       153839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        81692                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81692                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1427                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1427                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1415                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1415                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       235531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       235531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       235531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       235531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.019852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.005521                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005521                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.039243                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.039243                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.106714                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106714                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.014881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.014881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          205                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              205                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             2349                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             108068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            46.005960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1413155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses         1413155                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       703054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         703054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       703054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          703054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       703054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         703054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          2349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         2349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       705403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       705403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       705403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       705403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       705403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       705403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2349                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             2349                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                     465                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                      8004                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                    1865     26.36%     26.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                    464      6.56%     32.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.03%     32.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                   4745     67.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                7076                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                     1865     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                     464     11.06%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.05%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                    1865     44.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                 4196                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0            452783942000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22               22736000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 195000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31              238732500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total        453045605500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.393045                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.592990                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6146     81.52%     81.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                    928     12.31%     93.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                     465      6.17%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                  7539                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel              465                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements             2115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          453.774232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              18694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.838771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     9.001524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   444.772708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.017581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.868697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.886278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           477544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses          477544                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data       150184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         150184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        80819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         80819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         1371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         1257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data       231003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total          231003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data       231003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total         231003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         2933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          444                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          444                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          147                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          147                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         3377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total          3377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         3377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total         3377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       153117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       153117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        81263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1404                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1404                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       234380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total       234380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       234380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total       234380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.019155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.005464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.033145                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033145                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.104701                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.104701                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.014408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.014408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements             2317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             103370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.613725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst    99.113119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   407.886881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.193580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.796654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1405637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses         1405637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       699343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         699343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       699343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total          699343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       699343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total         699343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total          2317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total         2317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       701660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       701660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       701660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total       701660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       701660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total       701660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total             2317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages               23651                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                193970176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                      23705                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                25194                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               25194                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq             3066118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp            3066118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        18536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        87456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       108646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      6073978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      6073978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 6182624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        74144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         5424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        49194                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       129915                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    194019816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total    194019816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                194149731                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements              3036989                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs              3036989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses             27332901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses            27332901                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide         6205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             6205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide      3030784                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      3030784                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         6205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              6205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         6205                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             6205                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         6205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           6205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide      3030784                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      3030784                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         6205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            6205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         6205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           6205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks         3030784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total              3030784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         61043                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        31621                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         9807                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          604878                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       471618                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       133260                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              27328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1233                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1233                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7582                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4999                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          12145                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14749                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        18643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        36362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        20513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  88747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       738752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       989262                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       523776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       594212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 2846002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         83939697                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          83994621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.009032                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.110110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                83369236     99.26%     99.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  492109      0.59%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  133274      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            83994621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      54633228                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     27315723                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       996994                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        22575317                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     21347816                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops      1227501                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               18555                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           13073425                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              32241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             32241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     14916034                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1375672                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         10026004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            383                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          14262885                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         14262885                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        1835745                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      11219125                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      5039023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     75998471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         8139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               81057166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    205221504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   2585308549                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       309184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       272100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              2791111337                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         83480681                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         138163495                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.186714                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.411850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               113593940     82.22%     82.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                23342054     16.89%     99.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                 1227501      0.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           138163495                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         31574                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        15823                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         7008                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          415525                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       140177                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       275348                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              16422                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3162                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              566                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             868                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq               527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp              527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           6535                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         8043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        14646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         8312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        13867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  44868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       303744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       370376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       324736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       362888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1361744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                         77491470                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples          77522718                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.009108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.126999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                77091979     99.44%     99.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                  155391      0.20%     99.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                  275348      0.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total            77522718                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         20944                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10810                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         4435                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          407420                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       130581                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       276839                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              10756                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          490                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2401                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1959                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              566                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            298                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             864                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               329                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              329                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4666                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6090                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         5676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         9468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         6057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         9407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  30608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       212928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       226696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       239360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       222920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                  901904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                         61075176                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples          61095030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.011361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.142458                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                60677789     99.32%     99.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                  140402      0.23%     99.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                  276839      0.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total            61095030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                9874                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3873.882201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  9012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                9874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.912700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1429.480610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.000274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2.000487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2.000497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   411.135432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   536.507129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   775.576900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   713.180872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.348994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.100375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.130983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.189350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.174116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.945772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.939209                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              425468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             425468                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         7582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          223                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             272                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5059                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4199                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         9258                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5832                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3053                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         8885                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              18415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5059                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6055                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4199                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3102                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             18415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1763                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2061                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          637                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          146                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          783                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2119                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          945                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          3064                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2041                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          846                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2887                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2021                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2936                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4957                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            10908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          846                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           10908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1763                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          301                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2064                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          637                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          146                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         7100                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5045                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        12145                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7853                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5989                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        13842                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         7100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          29323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         7100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         29323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.990033                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998547                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.904782                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.950704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.918465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.287465                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.167691                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.237711                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.257354                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.490232                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.358113                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.287465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.406081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.167691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.555778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.371995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.287465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.406081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.167691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.555778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.371995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            24890072                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3937.228327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              14467449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            24890072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                0.581254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2011.766503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.652819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.299389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.316066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.365362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   115.325106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1807.585966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.482997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.434120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.491154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.028156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.441305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.961237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          636                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993896                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           468245287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          468245287                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     14916034                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     14916034                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1375672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      1375672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       644485                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          644500                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1005202                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1549                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1006751                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1120863                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1121381                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1005202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1765348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            2772632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1005202                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1765348                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           2772632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          391                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          282                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          673                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          216                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          359                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     13618001                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total      13618343                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       827235                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       828994                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10094613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2681                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10097294                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       827235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     23712614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         24544631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       827235                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     23712614                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        24544631                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     14916034                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     14916034                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1375672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1375672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          395                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          282                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          677                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          218                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     14262486                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          357                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total     14262843                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1832437                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3308                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1835745                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     11215476                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3199                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11218675                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1832437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     25477962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       27317263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1832437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     25477962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      27317263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989873                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994092                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990826                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994460                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.954813                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.957983                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.954813                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.451440                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.531741                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.451585                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.900061                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.838074                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.900043                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.451440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.930711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.531741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.850112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.898503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.451440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.930711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.531741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.850112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.898503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks       13809848                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total            13809848                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                 154                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3278.865675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                   211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                 154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                1.370130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1517.974961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     8.319476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data           15                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   457.087930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   284.134624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   403.928512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   589.420171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.370599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.002031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.003662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.111594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.069369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.098615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.143901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.800504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.797363                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              201782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             201782                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3285                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         3285                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total               8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         3244                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         3226                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         6470                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         4043                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2905                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6948                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         3244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         4048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         3226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total              13426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         3244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         4048                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         3226                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total             13426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          285                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          280                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          565                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          298                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total           427                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1977                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2596                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             3088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2224                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            3088                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3285                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3285                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          285                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          280                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          565                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          298                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          185                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          250                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          435                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         3297                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         3238                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         6535                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         4882                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         3297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         3238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         5132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          16514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         3297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         3238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         5132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         16514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.988000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.981609                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.016075                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003706                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.009946                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.132776                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.404957                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.272003                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.016075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.164844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.433359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.186993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.016075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.164844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.433359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.186993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks             85                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                  85                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                 227                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3695.150399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                   249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                 227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.096916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1459.883243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   447.319536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   679.945755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   425.839480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   673.162385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.356417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.109209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.166002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.103965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.164346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.902136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3678                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3677                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.897949                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              134959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             134959                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          490                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          490                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2401                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         2401                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2302                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         2289                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4591                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2339                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         1998                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4337                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         2289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               8934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         2289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data         2002                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              8934                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          277                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          284                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          561                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          292                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          126                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          971                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1584                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             1941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            1941                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          490                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          490                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2401                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2401                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          277                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          284                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          561                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          292                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2349                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2317                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4666                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2952                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2969                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         3080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         3129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          10875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         3080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         3129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         10875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.984375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.979167                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.020009                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.012085                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.016074                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.207656                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.327046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.267522                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.020009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.239935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.012085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.360179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.178483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.020009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.239935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.012085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.360179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks             65                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                  65                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq              18989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           1259199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             35334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            35334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3235483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          230674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           5829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           112507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          112185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1240210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      3030784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      3030784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        20565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        15439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        39338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3097746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       105312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      3203058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      9109430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      9110966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              12353362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       431104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       635392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1075698                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     98190400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       120713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     98311113                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        32768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    194334528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    194367296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              293754107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        75709489                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         83946864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.901826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.297549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                8241358      9.82%      9.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               75705506     90.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           83946864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq              18555                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          10944843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             32241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            32241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13809848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        10205573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq         13617985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp        13617943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10926288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     73208520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     73208520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              73208520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side   2454766889                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   2454766889                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             2454766889                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        58597119                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples        107201460                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.546535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.497830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               48612061     45.35%     45.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               58589399     54.65%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total          107201460                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           1544130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3427071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1541555                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1047                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3427407                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3427315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1544130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        10000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        10000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port     14905567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::total     14905567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total              14915567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       198736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       198736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port    537313728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::total    537313728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total              537512464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                        67555102                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples         77495179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.871706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.334417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                9942145     12.83%     12.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2               67553034     87.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total           77495179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           8144686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13203332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7995565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         13110906                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        13110741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      8144686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         7113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         7694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     63707183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     63707183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total              63714877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        19072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       111504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       130576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port   2205237440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total   2205237440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total             2205368016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                        18621882                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples         61076939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.304854                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.460346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1               42457384     69.51%     69.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2               18619555     30.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total           61076939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      3043692                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.588645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           56                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      3043692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.564604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.004843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.003216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.015727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.972788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     51717744                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     51717744                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3035874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3035874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1918                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          735                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2653                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1118                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          334                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide         6204                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7873                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide      3030272                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total      3030272                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         6204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        10526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3036                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1069                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         6204                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        10526                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3035874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3035874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2656                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1118                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         6204                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7874                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide      3030272                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      3030272                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         6204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        10530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         6204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        10530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997015                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999873                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks      3035862                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total      3035862                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements     24732414                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.850684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         3685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs     24732414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.251226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.461105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     8.134037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.002898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.453202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.028819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.508377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses    426839661                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses    426839661                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     13809848                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     13809848                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          878                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          879                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2211                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2211                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         3090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3089                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         3090                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          741                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          332                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1073                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          216                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          359                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     13616773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          291                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total     13617064                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       827235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10092402                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2681                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10924077                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       827235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     23709175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total     24541141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       827235                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     23709175                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2972                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total     24541141                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     13809848                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     13809848                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          741                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          332                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1073                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          216                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          359                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     13617651                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          292                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total     13617943                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       827235                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10094613                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2681                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10926288                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       827235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23712264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total     24544231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       827235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23712264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total     24544231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999936                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996575                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999798                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks     13806749                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total     13806749                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements          893                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse     3.337402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           25                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs          893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.027996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.291510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.102033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.105129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.088264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     2.750467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.018219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.006377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.006571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.005516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.171904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.208588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses        35725                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses        35725                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           85                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           85                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          377                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          372                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          749                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          298                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total          243                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1977                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2661                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          707                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2132                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         2904                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           85                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           85                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          377                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          372                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          298                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          243                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          619                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1977                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2661                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         2904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total           87                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          468                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     6.489160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           20                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.042735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.012914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     2.794284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     1.213807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.198839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     2.269316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.174643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.075863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.012427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.141832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.405572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        22834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        22834                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          317                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          320                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          637                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          142                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          960                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          548                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1002                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         1625                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          317                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          320                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          637                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          142                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          960                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         1625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements      1433698                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.885194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs        13516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs      1433698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.009427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.198908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.189874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.182676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.090688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.017400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.000040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.134129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.002299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.000950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.008797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.059371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.512432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.136867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.323917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.008383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.003711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses     18447218                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses     18447218                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       209592                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       209592                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1056                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1056                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9835                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          334                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          346                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          470                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        11390                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total        12446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           36                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10891                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          334                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data          340                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data          346                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          470                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total        12446                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          220                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          318                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          373                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          370                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          314                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          319                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1914                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          173                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          138                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          879                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       109212                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       109313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       823058                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       398574                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1753                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1592                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          165                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          394                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1226161                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       823058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       507786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total      1335474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       823058                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       507786                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1753                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1596                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          169                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          524                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data           35                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          434                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total      1335474                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       209592                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       209592                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          220                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          318                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          373                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          370                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          314                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          319                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1914                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          173                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          138                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          879                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       110268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       110369                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       823094                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       408409                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1926                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          505                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          817                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          505                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1237551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       823094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       518677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total      1347920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       823094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       518677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total      1347920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990423                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.990432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999956                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.975919                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996589                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.826584                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.981132                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.326733                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.576499                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.978723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.069307                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.464286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.994949                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990796                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.979002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.826943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.981132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.332024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.602299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.978723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.069307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.464286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.995413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.979002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.826943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.981132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.332024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.602299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.978723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.069307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.464286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.995413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks       198751                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total       198751                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements      4968455                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse     8.814514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs          223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs      4968455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs     0.000045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle 2474805343000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.925560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.888954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.245348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.305560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.550907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses     87891879                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses     87891879                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3427002                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3427002                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1886144                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide      1540928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::total      3427072                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1541469                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1541469                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3427613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::tsunami.ide      1540928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::total      4968541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3427613                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::tsunami.ide      1540928                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::total      4968541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3427002                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3427002                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1886144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide      1540928                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3427072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1541469                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1541469                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3427613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide      1540928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::total      4968541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3427613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide      1540928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::total      4968541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.writebacks::writebacks      3426986                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward2.writebacks::total      3426986                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements     21346917                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.789563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs         2935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs     21346917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.798543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.984526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.000662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.487409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.499033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses    374129205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses    374129205                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     13206105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total     13206105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2115                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total         2116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          728                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          728                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total         2844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2843                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total         2844                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          356                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          472                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1918                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          733                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     11618172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide      1489344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total     13110542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1105                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4141                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      8137091                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      8143027                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     19755263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide      1489344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total     21253569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1063                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4141                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     19755263                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          275                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          177                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide      1489344                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total     21253569                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     13206105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     13206105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          356                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1918                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          733                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     11620287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide      1489344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total     13112658                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1105                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          330                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8137819                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      8143755                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     19758106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide      1489344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total     21256413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     19758106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide      1489344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total     21256413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995671                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999911                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999911                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks     13203267                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total     13203267                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              314141                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34510                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             179660                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          20304                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              493801                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           54814                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             278889                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         279010                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               907372498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            1434004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1434004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      1380797                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           384                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              62876                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       114479                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             1380797                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  384                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1881865                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      1067905                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          220                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               494740                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             314544                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            180196                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      905938683.258477                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1433814.741523                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.001580                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.998420                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   200359                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        10272      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           871883     60.79%     61.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            4398      0.31%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             45      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          322820     22.51%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         181405     12.65%     96.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         43335      3.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           1434161                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              203698                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1937                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             108203                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               39                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            956                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              311901                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2893                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             120682                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         120807                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               906092369                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             974372                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               974372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       936715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           239                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              36424                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        80412                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              936715                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  239                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      1282614                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       739081                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               313465                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             204577                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            108888                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      905119329.209866                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      973039.790134                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.001074                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.998926                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   134217                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         7254      0.74%      0.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           607103     62.28%     63.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            3444      0.35%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             32      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          208558     21.40%     84.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         108910     11.17%     95.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         39454      4.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            974758                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           102891721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses             83347                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        54137483                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          157111462                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           111462                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      108802726                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           260003183                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            194809                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       162940209                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          561902542                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              182                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      561902724                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               907789306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          897945752                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            897945752                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    860575397                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         62580                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            4503380                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     86649297                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           860575397                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                62580                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1225407143                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    609645585                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         5934                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         6045                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            260211454                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          102987538                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         157223916                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      9241004.386013                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      898548301.613987                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.989820                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.010180                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 92510724                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     34538977      3.85%      3.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        598129795     66.60%     70.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          443859      0.05%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd          52740      0.01%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt            566      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            188      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       103999271     11.58%     82.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      157308385     17.51%     99.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       3666779      0.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         898140561                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits              158580                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              24                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              86621                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              245201                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              24                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              96340                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          96340                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               906092199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             724435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               724435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       693498                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              30268                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        51282                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              693498                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       948778                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       549397                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               245695                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts             158599                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             87096                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      905369252.143104                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      722946.856896                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000798                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999202                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    96507                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         4512      0.62%      0.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           435782     60.15%     60.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            2793      0.39%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead          161539     22.30%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          87100     12.02%     95.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         32700      4.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            724437                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits              178697                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits              92870                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits              271567                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits              97939                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses          97939                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles               906092110                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             830508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps               830508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses       798073                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls              33538                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts        62682                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts              798073                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads      1098845                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes       634892                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs               272032                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts             178697                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts             93335                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      905263237.841290                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      828872.158710                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.000915                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.999085                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                   112570                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass         4446      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu           514401     61.94%     62.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult            3244      0.39%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead          181625     21.87%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite          93335     11.24%     95.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess         33457      4.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total            830508                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits              177072                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits              91994                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits              269066                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits              96589                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses          96589                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles               906092025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts             822717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps               822717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses       790632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls              33250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts        62179                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts              790632                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads      1088644                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes       628870                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs               269531                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts             177072                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts             92459                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      905270932.928495                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      821092.071505                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.000906                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.999094                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                   111607                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass         4440      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu           509743     61.96%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult            3240      0.39%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead          179978     21.88%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite          92459     11.24%     96.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess         32857      3.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total            822717                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits              155266                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits              83582                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits              238848                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits              96427                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses          96427                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles               906091940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts             705403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps               705403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses       674887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls              29436                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts        49285                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts              674887                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads       922604                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes       536308                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs               239313                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts             155266                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts             84047                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      905387996.502868                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      703943.497132                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.000777                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.999223                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                    93524                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass         4295      0.61%      0.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu           423401     60.02%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult            2734      0.39%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead          158141     22.42%     83.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite          84047     11.91%     95.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess         32785      4.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total            705403                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits              154535                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits              83143                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits              237678                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits              95761                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses          95761                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles               906091676                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts             701660                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps               701660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses       671334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls              29298                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts        49110                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts              671334                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads       917631                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes       533379                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs               238143                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts             154535                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts             83608                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      905391470.426382                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      700205.573618                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000773                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999227                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                    93126                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass         4279      0.61%      0.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu           421159     60.02%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult            2730      0.39%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead          157394     22.43%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite          83609     11.92%     95.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess         32489      4.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total            701660                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           18555                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       10954747                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          34101                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         34101                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16842699                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     10089690                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2708                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          997                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3532                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      16650452                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp     16650276                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10936192                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side      4622754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      4495796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      9118550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      3559759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side     10282957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     59239775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     73082491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         9395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total         9972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         7037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         7037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           82218050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side    197236864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    191669376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    388906240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     99732713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side    340081984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side   2014556096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total   2454370793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       178960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        19904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       198864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       111504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       111504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          2843587401                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     27766611                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      82462857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.336689                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.472577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3            54698544     66.33%     66.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4            27764313     33.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        82462857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  7.555306                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                7555306361000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10280762390500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 647670                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   647670                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               72787798                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1331612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                103799.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 67227575761                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   67227575761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     48088064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     27188544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst     41380544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     20280896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst     31987648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     16939968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst     25619840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     12104384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst     30984064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data     15332544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst     36219264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data     18033536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst     26826944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data     14770368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst     41851776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data     20638848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         428247232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     48088064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     41380544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     31987648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     25619840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst     30984064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst     36219264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst     26826944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst     41851776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total    282958144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     49666688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       49666688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       751376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       424821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst       646571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       316889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       499807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       264687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst       400310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       189131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst       484126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data       239571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst       565926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data       281774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst       419171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data       230787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst       653934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data       322482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            6691363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       776042                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            776042                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6364807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      3598602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5477017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      2684325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4233799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      2242129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3390973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1602104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst      4100967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data      2029374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst      4793884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data      2386870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst      3550742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data      1954966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst      5539388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data      2731702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             56681650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6364807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5477017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4233799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3390973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst      4100967                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      4793884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst      3550742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst      5539388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        37451578                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        6573749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6573749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        6573749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      6364807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      3598602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      5477017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      2684325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      4233799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      2242129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3390973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1602104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst      4100967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data      2029374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst      4793884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data      2386870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst      3550742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data      1954966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst      5539388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data      2731702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            63255399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    343224576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    292582464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    228511872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    257633536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data    275725440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data    297460352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data    253265152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data    311929216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total        2260332608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks   1704789376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total     1704789376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      5362884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      4571601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      3570498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      4025524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data      4308210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data      4647818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data      3957268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data      4873894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total           35317697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks     26637334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total          26637334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     45428280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     38725427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     30245216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     34099681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data     36494277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data     39371051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data     33521493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data     41286111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            299171536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks      225641330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           225641330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks      225641330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     45428280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     38725427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     30245216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     34099681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data     36494277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data     39371051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data     33521493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data     41286111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           524812866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     48171072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    209286592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst     45419968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    259927616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst     40165632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    280892480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst     37522240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    209556416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst     40472128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data    246137920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst     44719168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data    225501376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst     38051904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data    254383808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst     48495360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data    250131520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total        2278835200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     48171072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     45419968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     40165632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     37522240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst     40472128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst     44719168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst     38051904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst     48495360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total    343017472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks   1233126656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total     1233126656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       752673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      3270103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst       709687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      4061369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       627588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      4388945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst       586285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      3274319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst       632377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data      3845905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst       698737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data      3523459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst       594561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data      3974747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst       757740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data      3908305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total           35606800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks     19267604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total          19267604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6375793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     27700610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6011665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     34403319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5316215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     37178172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4966343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     27736323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst      5356782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data     32578152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst      5918909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data     29846755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst      5036448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data     33669556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst      6418715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data     33106734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            301620489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6375793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6011665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5316215                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4966343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst      5356782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      5918909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst      5036448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst      6418715                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        45400869                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      163213323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           163213323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      163213323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      6375793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     27700610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      6011665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     34403319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      5316215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     37178172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      4966343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     27736323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst      5356782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data     32578152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst      5918909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data     29846755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst      5036448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data     33669556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst      6418715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data     33106734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           464833812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   14525                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   2872055                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  258960     38.96%     38.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     20      0.00%     38.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   7737      1.16%     40.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                  52423      7.89%     48.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 345563     51.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              664703                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   258960     45.74%     45.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      20      0.00%     45.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    7737      1.37%     47.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                   52423      9.26%     56.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                  246987     43.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               566127                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            7511626964000     99.42%     99.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1500000      0.00%     99.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              379113000      0.01%     99.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             9642977500      0.13%     99.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            33652132000      0.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        7555302686500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.714738                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.851699                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         4      0.05%      0.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       19      0.23%      0.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        3      0.04%      0.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                       12      0.15%      0.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                     1739     21.25%     21.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                     6408     78.29%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                  8185                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                61680      6.68%      6.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                68658      7.44%     14.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                     431      0.05%     14.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               497229     53.88%     68.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                  24787      2.69%     70.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                  108089     11.71%     82.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys               11941      1.29%     83.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     431      0.05%     83.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique             149524     16.20%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                922770                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel           176745                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user              91658                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel              91658                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                91658                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.518589                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.682988                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      3994137247500     49.87%     49.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        4014699149000     50.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                   68658                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         32636792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          502.166661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         1748993623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         32636792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.589630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   502.166661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.980794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3597620109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3597620109                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1308675133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1308675133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    437593688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     437593688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       937536                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       937536                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       975651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       975651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1746268821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      1746268821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1746268821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     1746268821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     22668117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22668117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10652002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10652002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       328433                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       328433                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       277794                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       277794                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     33320119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      33320119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     33320119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     33320119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1331343250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1331343250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    448245690                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    448245690                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1265969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1265969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1253445                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1253445                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1779588940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1779588940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1779588940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1779588940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.259432                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.259432                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.221624                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.221624                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.018723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.018723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     26200178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         26200178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          5866147                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         8206787569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          5866147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1399.008168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      16495942547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     16495942547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   8239172053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8239172053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   8239172053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      8239172053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   8239172053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     8239172053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      5866147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5866147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      5866147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       5866147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      5866147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      5866147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   8245038200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8245038200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   8245038200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   8245038200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   8245038200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   8245038200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5866147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          5866147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   15033                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                   2937915                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                  277251     40.67%     40.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   7738      1.13%     41.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                  51563      7.56%     49.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                 345226     50.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total              681778                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                   277251     46.12%     46.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    7738      1.29%     47.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                   51563      8.58%     55.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                  264640     44.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total               601192                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            7513608706500     99.44%     99.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              379128500      0.01%     99.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30             9466057500      0.13%     99.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            32690484000      0.43%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        7556144376500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.766570                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.881800                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         2      0.02%      0.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                       23      0.25%      0.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                       10      0.11%      0.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                     1802     19.37%     19.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                     7466     80.25%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                  9303                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                68955      7.23%      7.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                68881      7.22%     14.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                     432      0.05%     14.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl               509847     53.45%     67.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                  26023      2.73%     70.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                  113455     11.89%     82.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys               13142      1.38%     83.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                     432      0.05%     83.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique             152726     16.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                953893                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel           154111                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user              96289                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle              28225                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel             100884                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                96289                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                 4595                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.654619                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.162799                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.724156                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      107721297500      1.35%      1.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        3945306699000     49.36%     50.70% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        3940352509500     49.30%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                   68881                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         33025113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          497.595282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         1728724937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         33025113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.345769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.000190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   497.595092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.971865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3558770820                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3558770820                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1275106823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1275106823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    450937772                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     450937772                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       994291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       994291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1008560                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1008560                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1726044595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      1726044595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1726044595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     1726044595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     23191602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23191602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     10602314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10602314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       315378                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       315378                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       288545                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       288545                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     33793916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      33793916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     33793916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     33793916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1298298425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1298298425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    461540086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    461540086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1309669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1309669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1297105                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1297105                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1759838511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1759838511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1759838511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1759838511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022972                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022972                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.240807                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.240807                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.222453                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.222453                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     26409392                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         26409392                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          5744847                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         8095071405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          5744847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1409.101305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.311527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.688473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      16246010971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     16246010971                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   8114388215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8114388215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   8114388215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      8114388215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   8114388215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     8114388215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      5744847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5744847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      5744847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       5744847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      5744847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      5744847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   8120133062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8120133062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   8120133062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   8120133062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   8120133062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   8120133062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5744847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          5744847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                   14220                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   2857898                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  221593     38.36%     38.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   7737      1.34%     39.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                  54702      9.47%     49.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 293611     50.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              577643                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   221593     44.85%     44.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    7737      1.57%     46.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                   54702     11.07%     57.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  210001     42.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               494033                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            7514803630500     99.46%     99.46% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              379113000      0.01%     99.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30            10056968000      0.13%     99.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            30066524000      0.40%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        7555306235500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.715235                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.855257                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         2      0.03%      0.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       44      0.73%      0.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       27      0.45%      1.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       32      0.53%      1.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                     1687     27.82%     29.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                     4273     70.45%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  6065                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                46721      5.70%      5.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                69102      8.42%     14.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                     432      0.05%     14.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               417968     50.95%     65.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                  22677      2.76%     67.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   98061     11.95%     79.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                9994      1.22%     81.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                     432      0.05%     81.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             154950     18.89%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                820337                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel           167163                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              82070                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              82070                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                82070                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.490958                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.658581                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      3475282606000     46.00%     46.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        4080023629500     54.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                   69102                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         31432438                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.045100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         1757765214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         31432438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.922013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   500.045100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.976651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3611914643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3611914643                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1322661095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1322661095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    432763774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     432763774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       849871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       849871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       863950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       863950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1755424869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total      1755424869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1755424869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total     1755424869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     22195055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22195055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      9972677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9972677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       285447                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       285447                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       258521                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       258521                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     32167732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      32167732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     32167732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     32167732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1344856150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1344856150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    442736451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    442736451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1135318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1135318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1122471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1122471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1787592601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1787592601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1787592601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1787592601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.016504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.251425                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.251425                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.230314                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.230314                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     25332178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         25332178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          5159455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         8264203127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          5159455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1601.758931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses      16678331981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses     16678331981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   8331426808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8331426808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   8331426808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      8331426808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   8331426808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     8331426808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      5159455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5159455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      5159455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       5159455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      5159455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      5159455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   8336586263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8336586263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   8336586263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   8336586263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   8336586263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   8336586263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5159455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          5159455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                   14271                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   2605479                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                  176356     36.06%     36.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   7737      1.58%     37.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                  56714     11.60%     49.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                 248296     50.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total              489103                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                   176356     43.43%     43.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    7737      1.91%     45.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                   56714     13.97%     59.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                  165273     40.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total               406080                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            7518151573000     99.50%     99.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              379113000      0.01%     99.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30            10459459500      0.14%     99.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            27154273500      0.36%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        7556144419000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.665629                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.830255                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         2      0.05%      0.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                       21      0.56%      0.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.05%      0.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                       12      0.32%      0.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                     1525     40.58%     41.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                     2196     58.44%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                  3758                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                30614      4.57%      4.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                68862     10.29%     14.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                     432      0.06%     14.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl               339619     50.73%     65.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                  20415      3.05%     68.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                   85770     12.81%     81.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                7452      1.11%     82.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                     432      0.06%     82.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique             115834     17.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                669430                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel           154632                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user              70298                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel              70298                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                70298                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.454615                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.625066                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      3980074277500     49.72%     49.72% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        4024595131500     50.28%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                   68862                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         30762570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          499.820044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs         1745458994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         30762570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.739700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.001076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   499.818968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.976209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3584974374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3584974374                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1326992417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1326992417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    416464151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     416464151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       665960                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       665960                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       635426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       635426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1743456568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total      1743456568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1743456568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total     1743456568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     22455008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22455008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9050825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9050825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       233335                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       233335                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       251248                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       251248                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     31505833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      31505833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     31505833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     31505833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1349447425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1349447425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    425514976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    425514976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       899295                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       899295                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       886674                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       886674                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1774962401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1774962401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1774962401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1774962401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.259464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.259464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.283360                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.283360                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     24860516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         24860516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          4557730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         8158361555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          4557730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1790.005453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.002064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   511.997936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses      16370873872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses     16370873872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   8178600341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8178600341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   8178600341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      8178600341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   8178600341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     8178600341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      4557730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4557730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      4557730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       4557730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      4557730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      4557730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   8183158071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8183158071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   8183158071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   8183158071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   8183158071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   8183158071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4557730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          4557730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                   13907                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                   2743264                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                  211261     37.90%     37.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                   7737      1.39%     39.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                  55079      9.88%     49.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                 283413     50.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total              557490                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                   211261     44.57%     44.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                    7737      1.63%     46.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                   55079     11.62%     57.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                  199896     42.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total               473973                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0            7516281648000     99.47%     99.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22              379113000      0.01%     99.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30            10127716000      0.13%     99.61% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31            29355984500      0.39%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total        7556144461500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.705317                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.850191                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::1                         7      0.12%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::17                       22      0.39%      0.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.04%      0.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::73                       15      0.27%      0.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::74                     1729     30.67%     31.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::75                     3863     68.52%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                  5638                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                43795      5.59%      5.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                69017      8.81%     14.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::tbi                     432      0.06%     14.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl               400489     51.10%     65.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                  22183      2.83%     68.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                   94990     12.12%     80.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                9376      1.20%     81.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::imb                     432      0.06%     81.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdunique             142946     18.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                783660                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel           164007                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user              79398                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel              79398                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                79398                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.484113                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.652394                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      3778007311500     47.23%     47.23% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user        4221260993000     52.77%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                   69017                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements         31737184                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.379555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs         1828188586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         31737184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            57.603995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   500.379555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.977304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3753454139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3753454139                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data   1384467757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1384467757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data    441332987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     441332987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       799841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       799841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       763699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       763699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data   1825800744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total      1825800744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data   1825800744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total     1825800744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data     22449604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22449604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data     10085062                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10085062                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       277051                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       277051                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       300192                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       300192                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data     32534666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total      32534666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data     32534666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total     32534666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data   1406917361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1406917361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data    451418049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    451418049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      1076892                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1076892                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      1063891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1063891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data   1858335410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1858335410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data   1858335410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1858335410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.015957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.022341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.257269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.257269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.282164                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.282164                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.017507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.017507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     25629138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total         25629138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements          5083962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs         8527722901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs          5083962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          1677.377388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses      17223435186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses     17223435186                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst   8604091650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8604091650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst   8604091650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total      8604091650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst   8604091650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total     8604091650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst      5083962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5083962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst      5083962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total       5083962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst      5083962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total      5083962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst   8609175612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8609175612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst   8609175612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total   8609175612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst   8609175612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total   8609175612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5083962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total          5083962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                   14470                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                   2695901                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                  244652     39.42%     39.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                   7737      1.25%     40.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                  53312      8.59%     49.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                 314863     50.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total              620564                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                   244652     45.43%     45.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                    7737      1.44%     46.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                   53312      9.90%     56.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                  232829     43.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total               538530                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0            7515151829000     99.46%     99.46% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22              379113000      0.01%     99.46% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30             9806811500      0.13%     99.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31            30806750500      0.41%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total        7556144504000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.739461                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.867807                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::1                         2      0.03%      0.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::17                       20      0.27%      0.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::73                       12      0.16%      0.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::74                     1559     20.70%     21.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::75                     5939     78.85%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::total                  7532                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::wripir                55425      6.64%      6.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpctx                68691      8.22%     14.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::tbi                     431      0.05%     14.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl               456130     54.61%     69.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                  24035      2.88%     72.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                  104228     12.48%     84.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::callsys               11203      1.34%     86.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::imb                     431      0.05%     86.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdunique             114673     13.73%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                835247                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel           172919                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user              87954                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel              87954                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                87954                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.508643                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.674305                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      3937897909000     49.27%     49.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user        4054565652000     50.73%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                   68691                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements         32126706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          499.800246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs         1792972445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         32126706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.809408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     0.000227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   499.800019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.976172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3684371374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3684371374                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data   1345294859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1345294859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data    445222676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     445222676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       826598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       826598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       794666                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       794666                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data   1790517535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total      1790517535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data   1790517535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total     1790517535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data     22155463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22155463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data     10810446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10810446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       294313                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       294313                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       312605                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       312605                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data     32965909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total      32965909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data     32965909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total     32965909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data   1367450322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1367450322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data    456033122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    456033122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      1120911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1120911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      1107271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1107271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data   1823483444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1823483444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data   1823483444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1823483444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.016202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.023705                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023705                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.262566                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.262566                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.282320                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.282320                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.018079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.018079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     26337882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total         26337882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements          5536723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs         8273441201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs          5536723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          1494.284833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst     0.068339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   511.931661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.999867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses      16619470805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses     16619470805                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst   8301430318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8301430318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst   8301430318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total      8301430318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst   8301430318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total     8301430318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst      5536723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5536723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst      5536723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total       5536723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst      5536723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total      5536723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst   8306967041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8306967041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst   8306967041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total   8306967041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst   8306967041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total   8306967041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5536723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total          5536723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                   14708                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                   2780674                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                  199681     36.05%     36.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                   7737      1.40%     37.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                  65640     11.85%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                 280775     50.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total              553833                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                   199681     42.42%     42.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                    7737      1.64%     44.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                   65640     13.94%     58.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                  197693     42.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total               470751                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0            7517650115000     99.49%     99.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22              379113000      0.01%     99.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30            10626692500      0.14%     99.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31            27488626000      0.36%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total        7556144546500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.704098                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.849987                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::1                         3      0.07%      0.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::17                       15      0.34%      0.41% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::73                       12      0.27%      0.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::74                     1537     35.01%     35.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::75                     2823     64.31%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::total                  4390                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wripir                35236      4.53%      4.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpctx                67886      8.72%     13.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::tbi                     431      0.06%     13.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl               402557     51.70%     65.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                  20915      2.69%     67.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                   88497     11.37%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::callsys                8188      1.05%     80.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::imb                     431      0.06%     80.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdunique             154496     19.84%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                778637                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel           156383                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user              72260                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel              72260                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                72260                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.462071                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.632077                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      3973816486500     49.68%     49.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user        4024649889500     50.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                   67886                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements         30133128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.474558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs         1722805555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         30133128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            57.173140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   496.474558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.969677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.853516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3537827671                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3537827671                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data   1305292995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1305292995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data    415193764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     415193764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       772606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       772606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       722688                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       722688                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data   1720486759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total      1720486759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data   1720486759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total     1720486759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data     21503529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21503529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data      9437386                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9437386                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       261577                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       261577                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       295331                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       295331                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data     30940915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total      30940915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data     30940915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total     30940915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data   1326796524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1326796524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data    424631150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    424631150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      1034183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1034183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      1018019                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1018019                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data   1751427674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1751427674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data   1751427674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1751427674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.016207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.022225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.252931                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.252931                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.290104                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.290104                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.017666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.017666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     24083503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total         24083503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements          4741302                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs         8123662955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs          4741302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs          1713.382306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses      16393855194                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses     16393855194                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst   8189815644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8189815644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst   8189815644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total      8189815644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst   8189815644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total     8189815644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst      4741302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4741302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst      4741302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total       4741302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst      4741302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total      4741302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst   8194556946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8194556946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst   8194556946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total   8194556946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst   8194556946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total   8194556946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4741302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total          4741302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                   14373                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                   3205566                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                  351575     38.49%     38.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                   7738      0.85%     39.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                  89095      9.75%     49.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                 465080     50.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total              913488                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                   351575     42.53%     42.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                    7738      0.94%     43.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                   89095     10.78%     54.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                  378220     45.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total               826628                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0            7507844061500     99.36%     99.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22              379128500      0.01%     99.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30            10369988000      0.14%     99.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31            37551456000      0.50%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total        7556144634000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.813236                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.904914                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::1                         2      0.02%      0.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::17                       17      0.16%      0.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::71                        3      0.03%      0.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::73                       14      0.13%      0.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::74                     2295     21.22%     21.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::75                     8485     78.45%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::total                 10816                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::wripir                80970      6.70%      6.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpctx                70002      5.79%     12.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::tbi                     432      0.04%     12.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl               737471     61.00%     73.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                  27425      2.27%     75.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                  118993      9.84%     85.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::callsys               14762      1.22%     86.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::imb                     432      0.04%     86.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdunique             158445     13.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total               1208932                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel           188995                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user             102185                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel             102185                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user               102185                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.540676                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701868                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      4046567448000     50.53%     50.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user        3961216986500     49.47%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                   70002                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements         32197411                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          502.009136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs         1720264127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         32197411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.428648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     0.000255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   502.008880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.980486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3539414017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3539414017                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data   1283686803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1283686803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data    433459506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     433459506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data      1073155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1073155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data      1047163                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1047163                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data   1717146309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total      1717146309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data   1717146309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total     1717146309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data     21937269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21937269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data     11209665                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11209665                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       379018                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       379018                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       388274                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       388274                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data     33146934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total      33146934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data     33146934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total     33146934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data   1305624072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1305624072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data    444669171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    444669171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      1452173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1452173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      1435437                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1435437                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data   1750293243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1750293243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data   1750293243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1750293243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.016802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.025209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.261001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.261001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.270492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.270492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.018938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.018938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     25548624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total         25548624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements          6129556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs         8150367507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs          6129556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          1329.683179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2726663611000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst     0.051670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   511.947999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.999898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses      16375548779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses     16375548779                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst   8178580048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8178580048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst   8178580048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total      8178580048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst   8178580048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total     8178580048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst      6129561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6129561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst      6129561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total       6129561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst      6129561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total      6129561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst   8184709609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8184709609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst   8184709609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total   8184709609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst   8184709609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total   8184709609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks      6129556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total          6129556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              908668                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             908668                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio      1817210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      1817580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1817580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio      7268840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      7269165                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7269165                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     157208078                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     78482698                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      6800275                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        31110281                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     26004770                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops      5105511                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 122                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           58114646                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             248559                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            248559                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     52609570                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      6859308                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         11266549                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           474195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         566339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1040534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          20780121                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         20780121                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       11610994                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      46503530                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     15137160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     99815807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     14944136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    101206044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              231103147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    593344832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   3815597901                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    588754496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   3859556536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              8857253765                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                        225667816                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         381603019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.131080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.375533                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0               336742979     88.24%     88.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                39714417     10.41%     98.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                 5131240      1.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                   13892      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                     491      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           381603019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     146331494                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     73110108                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      5874030                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        35543746                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     27813990                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops      7729756                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           54886030                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             202663                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            202663                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     50192694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      5697246                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         10362016                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           500850                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         509769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1010619                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          18522652                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         18522652                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        9717185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      45168845                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     13328407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     96244201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     11803209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     94120067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              215495884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    522812928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   3683813304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    463710656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   3606396224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              8276733112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                        236437998                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         381428033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.144779                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.405578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               333958501     87.55%     87.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                39720636     10.41%     97.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                 7744677      2.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                    4180      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                      39      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           381428033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests     151789996                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     75908798                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      6389154                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        28431153                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     20696929                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops      7734224                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           55797116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             221437                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            221437                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     51967020                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean      6209815                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         10192852                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           622064                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         612797                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1234861                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          20273444                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         20273444                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       10620685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      45176431                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     13111052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     97268603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     14340133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     98703615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total              223423403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    513733760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side   3721223472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    563418240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side   3795229304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total              8593604776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                        193955204                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         344181068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.142826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.409464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               302797329     87.98%     87.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                33619347      9.77%     97.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                 7754911      2.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                    9161      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                     320      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           344181068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests     149484309                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     74798243                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      6686424                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        23360776                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     18008379                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops      5352397                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           54952256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq             236009                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp            236009                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     49632127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean      6422225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict         10868746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           808214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         683605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1491819                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          19838837                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp         19838837                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       10870863                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      44081393                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     12210395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     92422891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     15953556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     99374098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total              219960940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    478021952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side   3517675128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    628735680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side   3751563792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total              8375996552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                        190174849                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples         338068801                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.124856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.375706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0               301245140     89.11%     89.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                31441284      9.30%     98.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                 5378632      1.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                    3648      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                      97      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total           338068801                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements            22817244                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3936.436283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs             104259919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs            22817244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                4.569348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1906.334156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.002698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.000439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.002292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   276.038241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   774.020712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   257.110405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   722.927260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.465414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.067392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.188970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.062771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.176496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.961044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4028                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983398                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses          1247359629                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses         1247359629                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     52609570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     52609570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      6859308                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      6859308                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          816                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          705                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total           1521                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          336                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          589                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      5675792                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      5651312                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total        11327104                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      4361303                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      4387775                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      8749078                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     17656746                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     18287986                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     35944732                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      4361303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     23332538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      4387775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     23939298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           56020914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      4361303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     23332538                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      4387775                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     23939298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          56020914                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       225106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       211335                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       436441                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       242076                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       217248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       459324                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4716530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4672660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       9389190                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1504844                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1357072                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total      2861916                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5245959                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5087428                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10333387                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1504844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      9962489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1357072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      9760088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total         22584493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1504844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      9962489                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1357072                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      9760088                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total        22584493                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     52609570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     52609570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      6859308                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      6859308                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       225922                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       212040                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       437962                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       242329                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       217584                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       459913                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     10392322                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     10323972                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total     20716294                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      5866147                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      5744847                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     11610994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     22902705                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     23375414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     46278119                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      5866147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     33295027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      5744847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     33699386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       78605407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      5866147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     33295027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      5744847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     33699386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      78605407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996388                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996675                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996527                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998956                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998456                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998719                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.453848                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.452603                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.453227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.256530                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.236224                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.246483                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.229054                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.217640                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.223289                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.256530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.299219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.236224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.289622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.287315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.256530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.299219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.236224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.289622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.287315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks       12684195                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total            12684195                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            19664511                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3933.291819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              99934350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            19664511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                5.081965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1877.513098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   248.760928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   810.398895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   245.408702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   751.210196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.458377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.060733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.197851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.059914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.183401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.960276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses          1162487929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses         1162487929                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     50192694                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     50192694                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      5697246                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      5697246                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          720                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          575                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total           1295                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          280                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          211                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          491                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      5577010                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      5222619                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total        10799629                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3986308                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      3533054                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      7519362                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     17399457                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     17884568                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     35284025                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3986308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     22976467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      3533054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     23107187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           53603016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3986308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     22976467                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      3533054                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     23107187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          53603016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       220972                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       244436                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       465408                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       241210                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       190069                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       431279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4151543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3518565                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       7670108                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1173147                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1024676                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total      2197823                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5016063                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4689447                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      9705510                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1173147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      9167606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1024676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      8208012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         19573441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1173147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      9167606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1024676                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      8208012                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        19573441                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     50192694                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     50192694                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      5697246                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      5697246                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       221692                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       245011                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       466703                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       241490                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       190280                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       431770                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      9728553                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      8741184                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total     18469737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      5159455                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      4557730                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      9717185                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     22415520                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     22574015                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     44989535                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      5159455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     32144073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      4557730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     31315199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       73176457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      5159455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     32144073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      4557730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     31315199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      73176457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996752                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997653                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997225                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998841                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998891                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998863                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.426738                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.402527                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.415280                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.227378                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.224822                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.226179                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.223776                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.207737                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.215728                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.227378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.285204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.224822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.262110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.267483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.227378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.285204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.224822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.262110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.267483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks       10808528                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total            10808528                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements            21084866                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3934.301299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs             101436673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs            21084866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                4.810876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1927.943104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.003269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.003010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst     0.002406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     0.003564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   250.005885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   780.901852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   262.766903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   712.671308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.470689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.061037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.190650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.064152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.173992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.960523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3941                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3864                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962158                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses          1205229981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses         1205229981                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     51967020                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total     51967020                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      6209815                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total      6209815                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          633                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          610                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total           1243                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          457                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data      5574476                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data      5997048                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total        11571524                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst      3924094                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst      4213750                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      8137844                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data     17573796                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data     17536205                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     35110001                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst      3924094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data     23148272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst      4213750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data     23533253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total           54819369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst      3924094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data     23148272                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst      4213750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data     23533253                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total          54819369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       291412                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       295312                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total       586724                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       276937                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       251071                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       528008                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data      4194509                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      4456165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total       8650674                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst      1159868                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst      1322973                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total      2482841                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data      5055493                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      4774025                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      9829518                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst      1159868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data      9250002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst      1322973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data      9230190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total         20963033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst      1159868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data      9250002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst      1322973                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data      9230190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total        20963033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     51967020                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     51967020                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      6209815                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      6209815                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       292045                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       295922                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       587967                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       277157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       251308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       528465                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      9768985                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     10453213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total     20222198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      5083962                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      5536723                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     10620685                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data     22629289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     22310230                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     44939519                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      5083962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data     32398274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      5536723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     32763443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total       75782402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      5083962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data     32398274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      5536723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     32763443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total      75782402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997833                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.997939                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997886                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999206                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999057                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999135                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.429370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.426296                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.427781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.228143                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.238945                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.233774                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.223405                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.213984                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.218728                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.228143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.285509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.238945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.281722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.276621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.228143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.285509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.238945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.281722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.276621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks       11923935                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total            11923935                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements            21743509                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3942.539562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs              98369140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs            21743509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                4.524069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle        2832433194000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1875.753542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst     0.006981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data     0.001683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst     0.000414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   223.934089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   739.366108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   282.180681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   821.296065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.457948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.054671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.180509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.068892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.200512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.962534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2904                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975098                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses          1185077385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses         1185077385                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     49632127                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total     49632127                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      6422225                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total      6422225                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          711                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          638                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::total           1349                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          303                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          274                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          577                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data      5142172                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data      5913467                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total        11055639                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst      3672092                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst      4656592                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      8328684                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data     16646753                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data     16951607                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     33598360                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst      3672092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data     21788925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst      4656592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data     22865074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total           52982683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst      3672092                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data     21788925                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst      4656592                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data     22865074                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total          52982683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       301450                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       445288                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total       746738                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       256185                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       315313                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       571498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data      3955580                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data      4817721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total       8773301                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst      1069210                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst      1472969                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total      2542179                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data      4992821                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data      5177186                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10170007                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst      1069210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data      8948401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst      1472969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data      9994907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total         21485487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst      1069210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data      8948401                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst      1472969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data      9994907                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total        21485487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     49632127                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     49632127                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      6422225                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total      6422225                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       302161                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       445926                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       748087                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       256488                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       315587                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       572075                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      9097752                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data     10731188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total     19828940                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst      4741302                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst      6129561                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     10870863                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data     21639574                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data     22128793                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     43768367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst      4741302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data     30737326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst      6129561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data     32859981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total       74468170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst      4741302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data     30737326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst      6129561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data     32859981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total      74468170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.997647                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.998569                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998197                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998819                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.999132                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998991                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.434787                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.448946                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.442449                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.225510                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.240306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.233853                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.230726                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.233957                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.232360                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.225510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.291125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.240306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.304167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.288519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.225510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.291125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.240306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.304167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.288519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks       11900047                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total            11900047                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          18096182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            908668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           908668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13191851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6797544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1056698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       1433437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        1473079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          9729371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         9580724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     18096060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      7116219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     58880982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       497362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     66494563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     13457623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      1320218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     14777841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              81272404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    192581888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side   2064133952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      1988293                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total   2258704133                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    358876800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      5280872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total    364157672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total             2622861805                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                       193728263                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples        244977976                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.786278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.409933                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               52357176     21.37%     21.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3              192620800     78.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total          244977976                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          11903333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq            202663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp           202663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10808528                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6269099                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          506003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        509278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         903135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7716575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7663660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     11903333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     58588270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     58588270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              58588270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side   1945654648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   1945654648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             1945654648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                       217255461                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples        253144844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.850222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.356853                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               37915479     14.98%     14.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2              215229365     85.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total          253144844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp          24103452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq            221437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp           221437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     31763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict        12680473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          710986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        619932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        1166456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq         23413950                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp        23287011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     24103452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port     26991856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side     36061840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total     63053696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port     79238238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::total     79238238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total             142291934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port   1012588928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side   1093520488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total   2106109416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port   2961505984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::total   2961505984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total             5067615400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                       120490870                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples        211849162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.558496                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.496566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1               93532157     44.15%     44.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2              118317005     55.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total          211849162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp          30024927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq            236009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp           236009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     26144290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        12765275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1804979                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       1522204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        2228919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         19110577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        18698866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     30024927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     29326525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side     34668675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total     63995200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     78801782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     78801782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total             142796982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    963653504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side   1174497480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total   2138150984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port   2655294400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total   2655294400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total             4793445384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                       116747994                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples        208674637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.554069                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.497068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1               93054503     44.59%     44.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2              115620134     55.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total          208674637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements     22232235                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.704278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs       408144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs     22232235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.018358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.209288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.211707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.982482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.197415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.103386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.575580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.186405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.193962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses    339720099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses    339720099                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     12415809                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     12415809                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        19909                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        21647                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total        41556                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18025                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        18944                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        36969                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        37934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        40591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total        78525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        37934                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        40591                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total        78525                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       133032                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       132171                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       265203                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       103436                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        78179                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       181615                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4629895                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4594212                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      9224107                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       753468                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4549521                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       710501                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4520162                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10533652                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       753468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      9179416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       710501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      9114374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total     19757759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       753468                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      9179416                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       710501                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      9114374                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total     19757759                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     12415809                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     12415809                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       133032                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       132171                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       265203                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       103436                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        78179                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       181615                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4649804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4615859                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      9265663                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       753468                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4567546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       710501                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4539106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10570621                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       753468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      9217350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       710501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      9154965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total     19836284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       753468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      9217350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       710501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      9154965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total     19836284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995718                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995515                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996054                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996503                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks     12336546                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total     12336546                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements     21643097                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.207664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs       708245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs     21643097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.032724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.769865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.840902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.485284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.752733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.358880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.423117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.052556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.217830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.047046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.209930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses    330675132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses    330675132                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     10808528                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     10808528                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        23926                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        20960                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total        44886                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        19899                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        17624                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        37523                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        43825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        38584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total        82409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        43825                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        38584                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total        82409                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       223860                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       247991                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       471851                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       241207                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       190068                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       431275                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4124725                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3494049                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      7618774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1173147                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4996164                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1024676                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4671823                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     11865810                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1173147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      9120889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1024676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      8165872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total     19484584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1173147                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      9120889                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1024676                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      8165872                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total     19484584                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     10808528                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     10808528                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       223864                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       247992                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       471856                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       241210                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       190069                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       431279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4148651                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      3515009                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      7663660                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1173147                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5016063                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1024676                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4689447                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11903333                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1173147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      9164714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1024676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      8204456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total     19566993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1173147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      9164714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1024676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      8204456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total     19566993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999989                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999988                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999991                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994233                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996033                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996242                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996848                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks     10725531                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total     10725531                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements     12427755                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.031101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs       713447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs     12427755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.057408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.172379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.283141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     3.375397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     1.333980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     2.866205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.385774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.080196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.210962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.083374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.179138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses    196408802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses    196408802                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5126014                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5126014                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        21407                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        19165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total        40572                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        15223                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        15654                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        30877                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data        36630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        34819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total        71449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data        36630                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        34819                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total        71449                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       283676                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       282821                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total       566497                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       276016                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       250007                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       526023                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data      1828395                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1687069                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total      3515464                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst      1159868                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data      3042396                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst      1322973                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      2820414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      8345651                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst      1159868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data      4870791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst      1322973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data      4507483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total     11861115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst      1159868                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data      4870791                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst      1322973                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data      4507483                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total     11861115                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5126014                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5126014                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       283679                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       282822                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       566501                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       276016                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       250009                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       526025                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      1849802                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      1706234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3556036                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      1159868                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      3057619                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      1322973                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      2836068                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      8376528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      1159868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      4907421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      1322973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      4542302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total     11932564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      1159868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      4907421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      1322973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      4542302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total     11932564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999993                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999996                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.988427                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.988768                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.988591                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.995021                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.994480                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996314                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.992536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.992335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.992536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.992335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks      5053598                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total      5053598                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements     12670317                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.250035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs       486603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs     12670317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.038405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.799817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.852769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     3.106590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     1.061501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     3.429358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.424989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.053298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.194162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.066344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.214335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses    195413261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses    195413261                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6876686                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      6876686                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_hits::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        17526                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        26621                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total        44147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        14060                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        16302                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        30390                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data        31586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data        42923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total        74537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data        31586                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data        42923                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total        74537                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        91023                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       128571                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total       219594                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       102721                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       181253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       283974                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data      2015615                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data      3026405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total      5042020                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst       474642                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data      2540354                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst       715208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data      2598575                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      6328779                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst       474642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data      4555969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst       715208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data      5624980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total     11370799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst       474642                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data      4555969                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst       715208                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data      5624980                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total     11370799                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6876686                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6876686                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        91080                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       128597                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       219677                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       102733                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       181264                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       283997                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      2033141                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      3053026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total      5086167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       474649                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      2554414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       715229                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      2614877                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      6359169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       474649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      4587555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       715229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      5667903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total     11445336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       474649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      4587555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       715229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      5667903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total     11445336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999374                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.999798                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999622                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.999939                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999919                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.991380                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.991280                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.991320                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999985                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.994496                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.999971                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.993766                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995221                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.993115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.999971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.992427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.993115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.999971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.992427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks      6801310                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total      6801310                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements      5007561                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.593039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs       907536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs      5007561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.181233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.515129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.023472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.703915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.913097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.592023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.049620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.654851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     1.260739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.794527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.930018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.721615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     1.339540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     1.094493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.282196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.063967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.043995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.057069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.037001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.065601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.040928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.078796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.049658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.058126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.045101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.083721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.068406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses     66852769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses     66852769                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       529431                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       529431                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           42                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total          166                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           71                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          261                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1275                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          501                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          759                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1465                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         1462                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         6582                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        44955                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        32366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        37440                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        26841                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        42621                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        46578                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        57497                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        40538                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        55471                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        55474                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        61274                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        33866                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       534921                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        44955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        33641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        37440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        27342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        42621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data        47337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        57497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        42003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        55471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data        56594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        61274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data        35328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total       541503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        44955                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        33641                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        37440                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        27342                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        42621                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data        47337                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        57497                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        42003                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        55471                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data        56594                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        61274                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data        35328                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total       541503                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        41734                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        40445                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        40283                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        40169                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        40363                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data        60791                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       263785                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        48597                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        43141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        46267                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        50183                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        43265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data        74390                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       305843                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34620                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        23050                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        30628                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        39162                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        32743                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data        39017                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       199220                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       499807                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       333845                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       400310                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       246234                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst       484126                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       294251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst       565926                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       328790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst       419171                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       274846                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst       653934                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       399517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      4900757                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       499807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       368465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       400310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       269284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst       484126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       324879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst       565926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data       367952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst       419171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data       307589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst       653934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data       438534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total      5099977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       499807                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       368465                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       400310                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       269284                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst       484126                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       324879                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst       565926                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data       367952                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst       419171                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data       307589                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst       653934                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data       438534                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total      5099977                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       529431                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       529431                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        41762                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        40463                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        40298                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        40211                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        40399                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        60818                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       263951                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        48668                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        43195                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        46304                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        50234                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        43291                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        74412                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       306104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        35895                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        23551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        31387                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        40627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        33863                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        40479                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       205802                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       544762                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       366211                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       437750                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       273075                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       526747                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       340829                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       623423                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       369328                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       474642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       330320                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       715208                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       433383                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5435678                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       544762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       402106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       437750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       296626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       526747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       372216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       623423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       409955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       474642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       364183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       715208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       473862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total      5641480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       544762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       402106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       437750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       296626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       526747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       372216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       623423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       409955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       474642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       364183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       715208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       473862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total      5641480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999330                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999555                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999628                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998956                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999109                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.999556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999371                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998541                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998750                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999201                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998985                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.999704                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999147                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.964480                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.978727                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.975818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.963940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.966926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.963883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.968018                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.917478                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.911619                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.914472                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.901708                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.919086                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.863339                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.907772                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.890238                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.883131                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.832060                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.914327                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.921857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.901591                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.917478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.916338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.914472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.907823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.919086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.872824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.907772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.897542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.883131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.844600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.914327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.925447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.904014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.917478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.916338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.914472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.907823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.919086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.872824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.907772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.897542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.883131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.844600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.914327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.925447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.904014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks       507656                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total       507656                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements     31638737                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.858787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs       196274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs     31638737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs     0.006204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.829311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.296287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.146466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.997850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.194515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     1.216550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     1.177808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.551832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.081018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.071654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.062366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.074657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.076034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.073613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses    470315249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses    470315249                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     20008492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total     20008492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_hits::total           21                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        26015                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        17069                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        13208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        30060                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        16011                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        27049                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_hits::total       129412                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8956                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         6294                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4781                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         8362                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         5264                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         5857                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        39514                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        34971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        23363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        17989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        38422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data        21275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data        32906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::total       168926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        34971                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        23363                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        17989                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        38422                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data        21275                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data        32906                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::total       168926                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5963                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5741                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8261                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6727                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        11364                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         4687                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total        42743                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          322                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          484                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          323                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          378                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          377                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          384                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2268                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3179596                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2591349                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1880020                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2118287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data      1942623                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data      2931175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::total     14643050                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2194658                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1996439                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1700427                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1916822                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data      2029235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data      1953512                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     11791093                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5374254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4587788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3580447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4035109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data      3971858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data      4884687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::total     26434143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5374254                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4587788                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3580447                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4035109                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data      3971858                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data      4884687                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::total     26434143                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     20008492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     20008492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5966                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5741                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8266                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6730                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        11372                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         4689                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        42764                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          322                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          484                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          323                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          378                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          377                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          384                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2268                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3205611                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2608418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1893228                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2148347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      1958634                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      2958224                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total     14772462                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2203614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2002733                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1705208                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1925184                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      2034499                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      1959369                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11830607                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5409225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4611151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3598436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4073531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      3993133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      4917593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::total     26603069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5409225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4611151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3598436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4073531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      3993133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      4917593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::total     26603069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999497                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999395                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999554                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999297                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.999573                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999509                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.991885                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.993456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993024                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.986008                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.991825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.990856                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.991240                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995936                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997196                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995657                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.997413                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.997011                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.994672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.993309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.994672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.993309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.writebacks::writebacks     19839413                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward2.writebacks::total     19839413                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements     30908951                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.832637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs       496819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs     30908951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.016074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.461727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.271472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.991595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.239181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.101876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.209555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.346774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.204487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.117701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.231622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     1.342818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.243767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.070062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.466358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.016967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.061975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.014949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.068867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.084173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.012780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.069856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.083926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.015235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.066879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses    441419380                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses    441419380                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     14379062                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total     14379062                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           75                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           89                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::total          509                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        16457                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        28496                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        10343                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        17841                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        14377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total        94435                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          795                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6919                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          814                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         9481                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          797                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        25477                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          641                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         8711                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          744                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        23047                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          813                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         9780                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        88019                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        13840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        25938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        53973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        19054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data        40888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        24157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total       182454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          795                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        13840                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          814                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        25938                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          797                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        53973                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          641                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        19054                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          744                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data        40888                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          813                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        24157                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total       182454                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        62187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        59731                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        66408                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       100222                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       142615                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       143655                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total       574818                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        49430                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        38128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        31278                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        50435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        79285                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        80461                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       329017                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1364217                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1934376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2077958                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1263756                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data      1697592                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1594514                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total      9932413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       752673                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2103145                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       709687                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2295645                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       627588                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2444453                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       586285                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2111178                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst       632377                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data      2275562                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst       698737                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      2075411                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     17312741                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       752673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3467362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       709687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4230021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       627588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4522411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       586285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3374934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst       632377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data      3973154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst       698737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data      3669925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total     27245154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       752673                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3467362                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       709687                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4230021                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       627588                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4522411                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       586285                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3374934                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst       632377                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data      3973154                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst       698737                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data      3669925                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total     27245154                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     14379062                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     14379062                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        62262                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        59810                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        66494                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       100297                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       142704                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       143760                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       575327                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        49478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        38165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        31302                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        50453                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        79311                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        80494                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       329203                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1371138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1950833                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2106454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1274099                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      1715433                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      1608891                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total     10026848                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       753468                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2110064                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       710501                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2305126                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       628385                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2469930                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       586926                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2119889                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       633121                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      2298609                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       699550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      2085191                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     17400760                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       753468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3481202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       710501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4255959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       628385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4576384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       586926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      3393988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       633121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      4014042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       699550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      3694082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total     27427608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       753468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3481202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       710501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4255959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       628385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4576384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       586926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      3393988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       633121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      4014042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       699550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      3694082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total     27427608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998795                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998679                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998707                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999252                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999376                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999270                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999115                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999030                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999031                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999233                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999643                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999672                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999590                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999435                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.991564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.986472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991882                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.989600                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.991064                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.990582                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998945                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996721                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.998854                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995887                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989685                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995891                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.998825                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.989974                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.998838                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.995310                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994942                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.998854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.993905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.998825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.989814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.998838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.993461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.998854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.993905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.998825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.989814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.998838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.993461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks     14244243                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total     14244243                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits          1331374835                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses           1459535                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses      1299612244                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          449407628                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses           194272                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      394025308                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          1780782463                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses           1653807                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses      1693637552                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         8043772601                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses           236093                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     8044008694                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles             15110619880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         8243384393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           8243384393                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   7696970527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses       3203613                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            9793625                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    658526137                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          7696970527                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts              3203613                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads  11777687584                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   6567734079                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads      1107292                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes      1120701                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           1783997795                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts         1334068876                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         449928919                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      6865356205.165469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      8245263674.834531                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.545660                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.454340                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                710350840                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    499677170      6.06%      6.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       5931686067     71.94%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult         2268274      0.03%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd        1666367      0.02%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt         199800      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv          64477      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead      1337030121     16.22%     94.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      450062258      5.46%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      22383666      0.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        8245038200                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits          1298371441                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses           1481691                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses      1265622382                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          462749934                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses           200349                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses      401659990                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits          1761121375                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses           1682040                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses      1667282372                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         7905408156                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses           243506                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     7905651662                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles             15112303786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         8118451022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           8118451022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   7586086483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses       3315705                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           10023251                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    623478013                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          7586086483                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts              3315705                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads  11611866860                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   6478581923                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads      1200362                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes      1214000                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs           1764374142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts         1301089785                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         463284357                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      6991033482.355392                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      8121270303.644608                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.537395                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.462605                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                675006059                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass    485940475      5.98%      5.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       5839560361     71.91%     77.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult         2238440      0.03%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd        1678182      0.02%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt         225492      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv          73050      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead      1304181716     16.06%     94.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      463414421      5.71%     99.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess      22820925      0.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        8120133062                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits          1344731482                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           1558679                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses      1317899949                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          443755928                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           197364                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      401540774                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits          1788487410                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           1756043                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses      1719440723                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         8173156651                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses           219904                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     8173376555                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles             15110626942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         8334830220                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           8334830220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   7784879920                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       3262997                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            8999259                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    660469850                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          7784879920                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              3262997                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads  11913969443                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   6659206165                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      1133976                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      1147776                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs           1791819080                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts         1347550147                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         444268933                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      6773827149.573927                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      8336799792.426073                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.551718                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.448282                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                711366936                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    503968015      6.05%      6.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       6011137106     72.11%     78.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         2221245      0.03%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        1684569      0.02%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         203170      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv          66040      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead      1350043084     16.19%     94.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      444359785      5.33%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      22903249      0.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        8336586263                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits          1349197678                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses           1480948                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses      1327085866                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits          426287026                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses           188746                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses      398877967                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits          1775484704                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses           1669694                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses      1725963833                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         8060899201                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses           202641                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     8061101842                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles             15112303109                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         8181488377                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           8181488377                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   7619884928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses       3069199                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            7413305                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts    676470846                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          7619884928                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts              3069199                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads  11657393396                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes   6495827888                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads       986674                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes      1000216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs           1778604354                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts         1351827668                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts         426776686                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      6928041217.205351                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      8184261891.794649                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.541563                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.458437                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                727530573                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass    514644965      6.29%      6.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu       5862341398     71.64%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult         2204187      0.03%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd        1646455      0.02%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt         161850      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv          51348      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead      1353818558     16.54%     94.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite      426836769      5.22%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess      21452541      0.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        8183158071                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits          1406788140                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses           1489512                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses      1380935318                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits          452376180                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses           191005                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses      413727461                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits          1859164320                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses           1680517                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses      1794662779                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits         8455306795                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses           217076                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses     8455523871                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles             15112302830                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts         8607495095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps           8607495095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses   8028147496                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses       3267710                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls            8484785                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts    695900068                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts          8028147496                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts              3267710                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads  12280905032                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes   6857861281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads      1115593                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes      1129362                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs           1862363807                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts         1409483765                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts         452880042                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      6501961097.979861                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      8610341732.020140                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.569757                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.430243                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                748447099                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass    531313623      6.17%      6.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu       6186755831     71.86%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult         2239813      0.03%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd        1710796      0.02%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt         198653      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv          64509      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead      1411913282     16.40%     94.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite      452964413      5.26%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess      22014692      0.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total        8609175612                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits          1367431663                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses           1372546                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses      1338053618                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits          457045761                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses           195355                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses      407102563                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits          1824477424                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses           1567901                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses      1745156181                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits         8122917059                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses           232547                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses     8123149606                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles             15112303478                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts         8305399140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps           8305399140                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses   7732794376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses       3196697                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls            8752899                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts    684769224                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts          7732794376                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts              3196697                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads  11831632581                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes   6568959721                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads      1049826                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes      1063273                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs           1827506599                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts         1369943779                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts         457562820                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      6804188852.816993                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      8308114625.183007                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.549758                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.450242                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                737677624                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass    524152811      6.31%      6.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu       5926960922     71.35%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult         2324869      0.03%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd        1715955      0.02%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt         182294      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv          58547      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead      1372639180     16.52%     94.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite      457668969      5.51%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess      21263494      0.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total        8306967041                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits          1326609937                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses           1543634                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses      1303360859                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits          425542715                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses           189362                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses      394375469                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits          1752152652                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses           1732996                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses      1697736328                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits         8061695465                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses           206262                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses     8061901727                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles             15112303801                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts         8192823950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps           8192823950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses   7648985321                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses       3233147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls            8413279                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts    657620850                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts          7648985321                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts              3233147                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads  11703467361                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes   6544584669                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads      1131318                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes      1143965                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs           1755408091                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts         1329374341                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts         426033750                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      6916638199.401463                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      8195665601.598537                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.542317                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.457683                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                708336030                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass    497767270      6.07%      6.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu       5912512885     72.15%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult         2173476      0.03%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd        1696643      0.02%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt         214993      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv          68478      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead      1331600196     16.25%     94.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite      426112306      5.20%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess      22410699      0.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total        8194556946                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits          1305814996                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses           1470280                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses      1268297907                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits          446022046                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses           215871                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses      376637982                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits          1751837042                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses           1686151                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses      1644935889                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits         7939654756                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses           253459                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses     7939908215                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles             15112303641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts         8183023458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps           8183023458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses   7647931375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses       3355681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls           10971150                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts    652703525                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts          7647931375                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts              3355681                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads  11707212596                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes   6528104332                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads      1236821                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes      1251581                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs           1755132442                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts         1308546525                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts         446585917                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      6926439027.797300                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      8185864613.202700                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.541669                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.458331                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                704734285                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass    488423529      5.97%      5.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu       5909439598     72.20%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult         2216496      0.03%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd        1645928      0.02%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt         225405      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv          72880      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead      1312004257     16.03%     94.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite      446777241      5.46%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess      23904275      0.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total        8184709609                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       37073892                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         660109                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        660109                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     34916985                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     14502767                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1651752                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1714902                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2946097                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      25567439                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp     25400300                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     37073892                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side     30099177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     27439300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     57538477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      5721875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side     23079440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     27984258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     56785573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      6410907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     27730989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total     34141896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      6897161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side     26805137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total     33702298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total          182168244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side   1141117120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    912917120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total   2054034240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    142486648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side    853835712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    938745216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total   1935067576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    161677224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    922634752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total   1084311976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    168376584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side    996525824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total   1164902408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          6238316200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                    112355337                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples     231336242                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.476110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3           121194826     52.39%     52.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4           110141416     47.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total       231336242                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.705921                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                705920925000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10986683315500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               25947313                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 25947313                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              266815312                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1367452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2645.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 68649549737                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   68649549737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       210304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       339392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         8896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7883456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     13320128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       141824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        84928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       121920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       147200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst         2624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          22277760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       210304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7883456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       141824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       121920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         2624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      8363584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      8343360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8343360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         3286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         5303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       123179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       208127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         2216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         1905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         2300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             348090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       130365                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            130365                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       297914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       480779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        12602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     11167619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     18869150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       200906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       120308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst       172711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data       208522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst         1179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data         2267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst         1269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data         1451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst         3717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        15594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             31558436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       297914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     11167619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       200906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       172711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst         1179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         1269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         3717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        11847763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       11819114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            11819114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       11819114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       297914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       480779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         2448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        12602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     11167619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     18869150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       200906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       120308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst       172711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data       208522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst         1179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data         2267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst         1269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data         1451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst         3717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        15594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            43377550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         6464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     73806720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     18948096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          92761280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         6464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         6464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     71657728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       71657728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      1153230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       296064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1449395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      1119652                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1119652                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst         9157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    104553807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide       26841669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            131404633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         9157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total            9157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      101509568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           101509568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      101509568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst         9157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    104553807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide      26841669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           232914201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    165088896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        32064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       232256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     15106048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         180459264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks     29569280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       29569280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      2579514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         3629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::tsunami.ide       236032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            2819676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks       462020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            462020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    233863157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        45422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data       329011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::tsunami.ide       21399065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            255636655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks       41887524                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            41887524                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks       41887524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    233863157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        45422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data       329011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::tsunami.ide      21399065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           297524179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      1165312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         4800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1069376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    178111616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        21056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       237120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data         7360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        60416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         180690496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1069376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total      1073920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks     17497664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       17497664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        18208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        16709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      2782994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst           57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         3705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            2823289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks       273401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            273401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      1650768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data         6800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1514867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    252311002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        29828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst         5168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data       335902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data         6346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data         6256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        10426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide          85585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            255964216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1514867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         5168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         1521304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks       24787003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            24787003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks       24787003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      1650768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data         6800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1514867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    252311002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         1269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        29828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst         5168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data       335902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data         6346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data         6256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        10426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide         85585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           280751219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     739                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     51307                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   21510     43.20%     43.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      0.18%     43.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    723      1.45%     44.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      5      0.01%     44.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  27459     55.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               49789                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    21510     49.07%     49.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      0.21%     49.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     723      1.65%     50.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       5      0.01%     50.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   21505     49.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                43835                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            703450590500     99.68%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.00%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35427000      0.01%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 612500      0.00%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2224229000      0.32%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        705717759000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.783168                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.880415                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    8      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                48149     95.37%     95.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1510      2.99%     98.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     820      1.62%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 50487                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              828                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       8                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            45234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          448.990905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2831911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            45676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            61.999978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   448.990905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.876935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5705655                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5705655                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1969529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1969529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       704473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        704473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        46994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        46994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        46053                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46053                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2674002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2674002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2674002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2674002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        45121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        45121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8888                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8888                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2859                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2859                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2811                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2811                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        54009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         54009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        54009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        54009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2014650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2014650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       713361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       713361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        49853                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        49853                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        48864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        48864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2728011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2728011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2728011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2728011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.057349                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.057349                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.057527                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.057527                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        23548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            23548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            40872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           42069337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            41384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1016.560434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         17627834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        17627834                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      8752609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8752609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      8752609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8752609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      8752609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8752609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        40872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        40872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        40872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         40872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        40872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        40872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      8793481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8793481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      8793481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8793481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      8793481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8793481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        40872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            40872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     724                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     12489                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2893     26.20%     26.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    723      6.55%     32.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   7426     67.25%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               11043                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2893     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     723     11.11%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2892     44.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 6509                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            705314190000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35427000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              372299500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        705722081000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.389442                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.589423                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 9595     81.56%     81.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1446     12.29%     93.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     724      6.15%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 11765                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                724                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             3800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          420.437030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             475483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           113.264173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   420.437030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.821166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.821166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           777814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          777814                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       245054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         245054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       130707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        130707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       375761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          375761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       375761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         375761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          169                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          169                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       250403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       250403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       131292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       131292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       381695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       381695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       381695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       381695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.004456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.043558                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.043558                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.077559                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077559                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             4019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           21205237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          4680.034650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2319611                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         2319611                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1153777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1153777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1153777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1153777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1153777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1153777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1157796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1157796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1157796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1157796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1157796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1157796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             4019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     826                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   7146342                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  535914     48.70%     48.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    278      0.03%     48.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    723      0.07%     48.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     48.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 563539     51.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total             1100455                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   535914     49.95%     49.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     278      0.03%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     723      0.07%     50.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  535913     49.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total              1072829                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            676930205000     95.92%     95.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               19877000      0.00%     95.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35427000      0.01%     95.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     95.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            28728588000      4.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        705714261500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.950978                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.974896                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                    376528     99.99%     99.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.00%     99.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       37      0.01%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::124                       1      0.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                376574                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  612      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               721445     29.03%     29.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                  61572      2.48%     31.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     31.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                  378008     15.21%     46.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys              376583     15.16%     61.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.00%     61.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             946594     38.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total               2484829                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel           378621                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user             377281                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel             377282                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user               377281                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.996463                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.998229                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      490905057500     69.57%     69.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        214740909500     30.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     612                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         15596426                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.942719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          428496484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         15596884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.473211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.942719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        903790015                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       903790015                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    260547035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      260547035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    154608752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     154608752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6603950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      6603950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6719178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      6719178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    415155787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       415155787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    415155787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      415155787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     13229310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     13229310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2238762                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2238762                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       140076                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       140076                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6522                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6522                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     15468072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      15468072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     15468072                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     15468072                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    273776345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    273776345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    156847514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    156847514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6744026                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      6744026                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6725700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      6725700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    430623859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    430623859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    430623859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    430623859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.048322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.020770                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020770                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000970                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000970                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4110449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          4110449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements         17279151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1470251137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs         17279663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            85.085637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2837224500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      2837224500                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1392693516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1392693516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1392693516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1392693516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1392693516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1392693516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     17279156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     17279156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     17279156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total      17279156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     17279156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total     17279156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1409972672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1409972672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1409972672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1409972672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1409972672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1409972672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks     17279151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total         17279151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     725                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     13340                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    2984     26.39%     26.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    723      6.39%     32.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.02%     32.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   7600     67.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               11309                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     2984     44.60%     44.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     723     10.81%     55.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.03%     55.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    2982     44.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 6691                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            705307391500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35427000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 330500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              379028500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        705722177500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.392368                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.591653                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58      0.48%      0.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.03%      0.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 9792     80.90%     81.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1447     11.95%     93.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     792      6.54%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.07%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 12104                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              850                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.078824                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.146129                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      710948411000    100.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             6848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          450.967160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             473481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             7298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            64.878186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   450.967160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.880795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           902814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          902814                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       282483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         282483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       149693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        149693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       432176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          432176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       432176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         432176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          9339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         9339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       290553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       290553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       150962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       150962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.027775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.008406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.063277                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.063277                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.064930                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.064930                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             6142                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           22241936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3342.641419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2767598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         2767598                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1374586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1374586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1374586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         1374586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1374586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        1374586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          6142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         6142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1380728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1380728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1380728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      1380728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1380728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      1380728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             6142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                     723                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                     13744                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                    3138     27.09%     27.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                    723      6.24%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     33.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                   7723     66.66%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total               11585                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                     3136     44.83%     44.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                     723     10.34%     55.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     55.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                    3135     44.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                 6995                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0            705509271000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35427000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31              383826500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total        705928636500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999363                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.405930                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.603798                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      0.43%      0.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                10038     81.04%     81.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                   1447     11.68%     93.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     93.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                     823      6.64%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.12%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                 12386                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel              875                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.109714                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.198560                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      716200113500     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements            17081                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          432.958854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             590179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            17593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.546240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   432.958854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.845623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1170882                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1170882                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       333164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         333164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       215992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        215992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         3202                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3202                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         3193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data       549156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          549156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data       549156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         549156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        12087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         7547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          254                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          254                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        19634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         19634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        19634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        19634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       345251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       345251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       223539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       223539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3461                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3461                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3447                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3447                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       568790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       568790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       568790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       568790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.035009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.033761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.074834                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.074834                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.073687                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.073687                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.034519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.034519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             8640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             9136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           78783730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          8166.655955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   511.999934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3364493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses         3364493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst      1668541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1668541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst      1668541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total         1668541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst      1668541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total        1668541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         9137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         9137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          9137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         9137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         9137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      1677678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1677678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      1677678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total      1677678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      1677678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total      1677678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.005446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.005446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.005446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             9136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                     724                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                     12545                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                    2893     26.07%     26.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                    723      6.51%     32.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                   7482     67.41%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total               11099                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                     2893     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                     723     11.11%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                    2892     44.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                 6509                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0            705313434000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35427000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31              373055500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total        705722081000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.386528                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.586449                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                 9651     81.64%     81.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                   1446     12.23%     93.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                     724      6.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                 11821                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel              724                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             4823                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          423.535928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs             446639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            85.285278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   423.535928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.827219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.827219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.808594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           814151                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          814151                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       256408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         256408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       135564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        135564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2017                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2017                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data       391972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total          391972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data       391972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total         391972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         6591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          123                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          123                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         7219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          7219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         7219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         7219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       262999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       262999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       136192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       136192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       399191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total       399191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       399191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total       399191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.025061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.004611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.056164                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.056164                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.074346                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.074346                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.018084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.018084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             4577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           29962263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          5887.652388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2454549                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses         2454549                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst      1220409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1220409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst      1220409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total         1220409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst      1220409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total        1220409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         4577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         4577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          4577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         4577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         4577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      1224986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      1224986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      1224986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total             4577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                     724                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                     12535                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                    2893     26.09%     26.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                    723      6.52%     32.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                   7472     67.38%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total               11089                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                     2893     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                     723     11.11%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                    2892     44.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                 6509                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0            705313569000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35427000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31              372920500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total        705722081000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.387045                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.586978                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                 9641     81.63%     81.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                   1446     12.24%     93.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                     724      6.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                 11811                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel              724                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements             4478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          448.273234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             419512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            85.544861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   448.273234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.875534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           807801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          807801                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       254444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         254444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       134688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        134688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2008                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2008                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       389132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total          389132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       389132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total         389132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          171                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          171                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         7002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total          7002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         7002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total         7002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       260812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       260812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       135322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       135322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       396134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       396134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       396134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       396134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.024416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.004685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.053352                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.053352                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.078476                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078476                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.017676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.017676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             4477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs           68003837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs         13630.755061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2430765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses         2430765                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst      1208667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1208667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst      1208667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total         1208667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst      1208667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total        1208667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          4477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         4477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst      1213144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1213144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst      1213144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total      1213144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst      1213144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total      1213144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             4477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                     724                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                     12609                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                    2930     26.25%     26.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                    723      6.48%     32.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.02%     32.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                   7508     67.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total               11163                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                     2930     44.50%     44.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                     723     10.98%     55.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.03%     55.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                    2930     44.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                 6585                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0            705312804500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35427000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 195000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31              373654500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total        705722081000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.390250                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.589895                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                 9715     81.74%     81.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                   1446     12.17%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                     724      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                 11885                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel              724                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements             4548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.866090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs             492304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            98.737264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   461.866090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.902082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.902082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           808819                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses          808819                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data       254866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         254866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data       134904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        134904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         2076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data       389770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total          389770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data       389770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total         389770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         6259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          644                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          644                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         6903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total          6903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         6903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total         6903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       261125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       261125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       135548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       135548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       396673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total       396673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       396673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total       396673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.023969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.004751                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.056364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.056364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.078647                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078647                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.017402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.017402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements             4509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs           30130003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          6000.797252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2433721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses         2433721                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst      1210097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1210097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst      1210097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total         1210097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst      1210097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total        1210097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         4509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         4509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total          4509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         4509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total         4509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst      1214606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1214606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst      1214606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total      1214606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst      1214606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total      1214606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total             4509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                 4143                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                  33988608                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                        4155                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   126976                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         18                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               535675                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              535675                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               13122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              13122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        13472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        13344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        29396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1068198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1068198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1097594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        53888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         3648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         7506                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        66520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34123928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     34123928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34190448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               534094                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.893706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               534110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide    15.893706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.993357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4806891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4806891                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide       532115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           532115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1984                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1984                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       532115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            532115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       532115                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           532115                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       532115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         532115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1984                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1984                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       532115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          532115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       532115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         532115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1979                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1979                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests        204693                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       101994                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        12928                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          163084                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        91808                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        71276                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              98883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1875                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1875                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24050                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        38126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            19892                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4994                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2980                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7974                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4479                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4479                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          44891                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         53424                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       117669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       165021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        10239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 308490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      4915008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      4855923                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       398080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       402976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                10571987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         21682112                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          21876265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.011899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.135181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                21687230     99.14%     99.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  117759      0.54%     99.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   71276      0.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            21876265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      65798214                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     32901684                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1659915                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        10094399                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      9925903                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       168496                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                2992                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           30665914                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               6360                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              6360                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4112047                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean     16498696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         10618850                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             5634                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           6694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           12328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2234397                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2234397                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       17285298                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      13377624                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     51053170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     45971626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        16122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        26673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               97067591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   2161536896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1261674397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       638720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       695344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              3424545357                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         20746143                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          86543400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.156956                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.369073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                73128388     84.50%     84.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                13246504     15.31%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  168508      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            86543400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         76982                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        37937                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        10592                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          183507                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        31800                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       151707                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              32774                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               1455                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              1455                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         8367                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            416                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1134                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          13714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         19060                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        24014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        56472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        11781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        19211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                 111478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       952128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1805912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       461056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       496800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 3715896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                         18622779                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples          18699305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.019123                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.187038                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                18493428     98.90%     98.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   54170      0.29%     99.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                  151707      0.81%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total            18699305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         41487                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20787                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         9242                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          178444                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        31360                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       147084                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              21854                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               1448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              1448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1231                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4485                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3833                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              658                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            343                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               620                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              620                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           8986                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12868                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        10806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        18562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        11651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        18376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  59395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       405056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       472800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       457088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       480800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1815744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                         18545798                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples          18586011                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.018605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.184624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                18387309     98.93%     98.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   51618      0.28%     99.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                  147084      0.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total            18586011                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               22783                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3703.911090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                243738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               26475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                9.206346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   937.504192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   625.953451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2092.868685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    33.022427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data    14.562334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.228883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.152821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.510954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.003555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.904275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3692                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.901367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses             1575993                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses            1575993                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        24050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        38126                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        38126                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          650                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             650                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        37586                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3992                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        41578                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        20910                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2430                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        23340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        37586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        21560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              65568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        37586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        21560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2430                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             65568                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4667                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          325                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4992                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2809                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2975                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3541                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          260                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          3801                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3286                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3313                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        26881                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2099                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        28980                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        30422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            36094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3286                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        30422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           36094                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        24050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        38126                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        38126                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4667                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          325                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4992                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2809                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2975                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4191                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4451                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        40872                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4019                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        44891                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        47791                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4529                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        52320                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        40872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        51982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total         101662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        40872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        51982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total        101662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.844906                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.853965                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.080397                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006718                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.073801                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.562470                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.463458                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.553899                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.080397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.585241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.492587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.355039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.080397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.585241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.492587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.355039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          11431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               11431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             6988471                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4028.332431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              54929792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             6991772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                7.856348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   900.097329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   222.830596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2900.871983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.095490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.437033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.219750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.054402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.708221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.983480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.805908                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           522344330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          522344330                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4112047                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4112047                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     16498696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total     16498696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           56                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             60                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       722703                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          722774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     17135859                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3909                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     17139768                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8131193                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3115                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      8134308                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     17135859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8853896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           25996850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     17135859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8853896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3186                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          25996850                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5087                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          312                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5399                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6510                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         6674                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1510741                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1511593                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       143297                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2233                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       145530                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5237796                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4793                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      5242589                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       143297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6748537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          6899712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       143297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6748537                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5645                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         6899712                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4112047                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4112047                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     16498696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total     16498696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5143                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          316                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5459                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6510                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6674                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2233444                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          923                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2234367                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     17279156                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6142                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     17285298                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     13368989                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7908                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     13376897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     17279156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     15602433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       32896562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     17279156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     15602433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      32896562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989111                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987342                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989009                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.676418                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.676520                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.008293                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.363562                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.008419                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.391787                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.606095                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.391914                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.008293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.432531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.363562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.639225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.209740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.008293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.432531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.363562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.639225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.209740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1971341                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1971341                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements               11834                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3836.456166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                127750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs               15817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                8.076753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1873.171551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   505.912450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data  1001.133675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   327.117148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   129.121343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.457317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.123514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.244417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.079863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.031524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.936635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3983                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972412                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              556407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             556407                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         8367                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         8367                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          340                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             347                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         7172                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         4564                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        11736                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         7459                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         4009                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        11468                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         7172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         7799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         4564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         4016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total              23551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         7172                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         7799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         4564                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         4016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total             23551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          407                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          295                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          702                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          403                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6687                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          6997                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1964                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1977                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4425                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7079                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        11112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            16053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1964                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        11112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2964                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           16053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         8367                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         8367                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          407                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          311                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          718                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          158                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         7027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         9136                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         4577                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        13713                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        11884                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         6663                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        18547                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         9136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        18911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         4577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         6980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          39604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         9136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        18911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         4577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         6980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         39604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.948553                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977716                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.949367                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.980535                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.951615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.977918                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.952751                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.214974                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.002840                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.144170                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.372349                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.398319                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.381679                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.214974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.587595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.002840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.424642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.405338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.214974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.587595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.002840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.424642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.405338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           5200                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                5200                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                 279                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3950.386930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                167188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                4114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs               40.638794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1803.936972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   144.758030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   104.530215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   585.212343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data  1311.949370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.440414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.035341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.025520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.142874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.320300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.964450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.936279                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              264333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             264333                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1231                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1231                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4485                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         4485                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         4458                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         4468                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         8926                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         5120                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         3746                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         8866                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         4458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data         5123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         4468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total              17806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         4458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data         5123                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         4468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data         3757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total             17806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          329                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          328                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          657                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          171                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          169                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          340                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          191                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          305                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           496                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          920                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         2602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3522                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         2907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             4078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         2907                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            4078                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1231                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1231                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4485                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4485                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          329                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          328                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          657                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          171                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          169                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          340                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          194                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          510                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4477                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         4509                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8986                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         6040                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         6348                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        12388                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         6234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         4509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         6664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          21884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         6234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         4509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         6664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         21884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.984536                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.965190                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.972549                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.004244                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.009093                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.006677                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.152318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.409893                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.284307                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.004244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.178216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.009093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.436224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.186346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.004244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.178216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.009093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.436224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.186346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks            192                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                 192                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               3560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            868760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             11138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            11138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       143268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          648259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          8296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          16018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            52413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           51877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       865200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        34569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        72502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       111957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       953166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        24510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       977676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1602278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1602278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               2691911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       814912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      2216000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13907                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      3044819                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     30649152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        52613                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     30701765                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     34182016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34182016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               67928600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        19961490                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         21713251                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.918799                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.273143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1763130      8.12%      8.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               19950121     91.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           21713251                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               2992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           5685447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              6360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             6360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1973027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5136496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            6124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          6694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          12623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1512801                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1512771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5682455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3460055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     17195945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     20656000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       888150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       888150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              21544150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    145364032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side    422377549                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    567741581                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     19056000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     19056000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              586797581                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        13168640                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         27482232                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.478683                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               14326955     52.13%     52.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               13155277     47.87%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           27482232                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           2532656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq              1455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp             1455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       465065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2364043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1407                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           300036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          299923                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2532656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port         9870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        38060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        47930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port      8452197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::total      8452197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total               8500127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port       370368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       984568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      1354936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port    209705920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::total    209705920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total              211060856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                        12976235                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples         18638351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.696020                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.459974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                5665695     30.40%     30.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2               12972656     69.60%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total           18638351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           2736155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq              1448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp             1448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       273506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2475241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           5695                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            92252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           91052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2736155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        12937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        13432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      8411823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      8411823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total               8425255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        17536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       252672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       270208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    198187008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    198187008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total              198457216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                        12936628                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples         18549716                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.697196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.459471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                5616925     30.28%     30.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2               12932791     69.72%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total           18549716                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       562077                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.744297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs         2432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       562092                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.004327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.161979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.158281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.137525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     4.286512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.697624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.009893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.008595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.267907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      9473248                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      9473248                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12903                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12903                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2619                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2619                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1278                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1278                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         3276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        20422                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide       532101                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       552525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1984                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1984                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        23625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       532101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       555801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        23625                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       532101                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       555801                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12903                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12903                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2619                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2619                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1278                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1278                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        20423                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       532101                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       552526                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1984                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1984                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        23626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       532101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       555802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        23626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       532101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       555802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        12901                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        12901                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements      6160168                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.927103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         8833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs      6160181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.345567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.263983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    13.295290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.016375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.146598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.016499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.830956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses     97946626                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses     97946626                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       853375                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       853375                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1146                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1148                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1265                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         1268                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5515                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          434                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5949                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         6664                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       427711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          729                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       428440                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       143194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5165887                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2233                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4793                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      5316107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       143194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5593598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total      5744547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       143194                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5593598                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2233                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5522                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total      5744547                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       853375                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       853375                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5515                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          434                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5949                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6664                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       427830                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          730                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       428560                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       143196                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5167033                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2233                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4793                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5317255                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       143196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5594863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total      5745815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       143196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5594863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total      5745815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999722                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998630                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999720                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999986                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks       852113                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total       852113                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         9225                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse     4.020240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         9241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.020777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.914525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.070846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.403513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.040124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     2.591232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.057158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.025220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.002508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.161952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.251265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       187258                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       187258                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          551                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          415                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          966                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          403                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2917                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         3107                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1964                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4419                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9050                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         7336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        12157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1964                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         7336                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2844                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        12157                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          551                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          415                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          966                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          403                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3107                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1964                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2654                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9050                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         7336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        12157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         7336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        12157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         3053                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         3053                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         1036                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     4.459421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         1043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.013423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.427583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.053966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.343876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.236562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     2.397434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.089224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.021492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.014785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.149840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.278714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.437500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        44159                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        44159                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          443                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          437                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          880                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          169                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          168                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          917                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         2558                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3535                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         2677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         3662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          925                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         2677                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         3662                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          443                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          437                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          880                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          169                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          168                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          917                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3535                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         3662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         3662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total          108                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       425859                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.858636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs        19724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       425875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.046314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.806035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.637831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.797153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.212849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.092287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.002013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.004975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.005161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.002043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.296410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.237877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.352364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.362322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.013303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.005768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.000128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.018526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      5530199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      5530199                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       132125                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       132125                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1435                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1435                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3303                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2395                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          872                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          712                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          927                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          733                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         8973                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data          712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data          927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total        10408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3303                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3830                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          872                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data          712                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data          927                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          733                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total        10408                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          526                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          425                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          433                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          413                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          443                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          436                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2676                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          156                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         5207                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        48068                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          113                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        48244                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       123179                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       168272                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2216                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1643                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1905                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2328                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          118                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           61                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1002                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       300792                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       123179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       216340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       349036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       123179                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       216340                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2216                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1648                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1905                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2383                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          120                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data           62                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1115                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       349036                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       132125                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       132125                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          526                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          425                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          433                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          413                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          443                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          436                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2676                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          156                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5207                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        49503                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          113                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        49679                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       126482                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170667                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2219                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2515                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1907                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3040                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1045                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          794                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1023                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       309765                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       126482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       220170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       359444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       126482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       220170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       359444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.971012                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.971115                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.973886                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985967                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998648                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.653280                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.998951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.765789                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.112919                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.736842                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.076826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.979472                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.971033                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.973886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.982604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.653968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.998951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.769952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.114613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.736842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.077987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.981514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.971044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.973886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.982604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.653968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.998951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.769952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.114613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.736842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.077987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.981514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.971044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks       129858                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total       129858                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       296022                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    12.931118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       296038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle 10403288088509                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.701026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     8.230092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.293814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.514381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.808195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      5034672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      5034672                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1712                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1712                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1728                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide       294336                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       294336                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       296064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       296064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       296064                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       296064                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1712                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1712                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1728                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       294336                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       294336                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       296064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       296064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       296064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       296064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         1686                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         1686                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements      2983778                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.974407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs          868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs      2983794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs     0.000291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.902377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    13.025676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.046354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.181399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.814105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.002897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses     48373876                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses     48373876                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       460234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       460234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          345                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          345                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::total          374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          374                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::total          374                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       292689                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          501                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::total       293190                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2287568                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide       236032                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2523600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2580257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       236032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::total      2816790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2580257                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          501                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       236032                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::total      2816790                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       460234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       460234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       292718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          501                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       293219                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2287913                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       236032                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2523945                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2580631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       236032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::total      2817164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2580631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       236032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::total      2817164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999849                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.writebacks::writebacks       459865                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward2.writebacks::total       459865                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements      3006270                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.914528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs         1110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs      3006286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.910776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.047539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.028479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    12.926300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.000893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.181923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.002971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.807894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses     47928768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses     47928768                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       274104                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total       274104                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total          177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          621                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          629                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total          806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          795                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total          806                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1231                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2894                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4140                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          304                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          329                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        84443                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2682                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        90785                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        15033                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        16709                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2698795                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          224                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           57                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1032                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          704                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2732573                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        18208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        16709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2783238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total      2823358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        18208                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        16709                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2783238                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          329                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3714                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           70                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          944                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total      2823358                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       274104                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       274104                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1231                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2894                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          304                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          329                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        84617                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2685                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        90962                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15036                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        16712                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2699416                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          224                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           57                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1034                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2733202                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        18211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        16712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2784033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total      2824164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        18211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        16712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2784033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           57                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total      2824164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997944                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.998883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999800                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999820                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999770                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.998066                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999770                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.998656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.998656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks       273314                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total       273314                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits             2064847                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             763447                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits             2828294                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             506257                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         506257                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1411436197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            8793481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              8793481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      8495692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          1366                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             279054                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts      1267551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             8495692                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 1366                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads     11191524                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      6423375                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          264                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          272                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs              2829270                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts            2065071                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            764199                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1402645981.346834                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      8790215.653166                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.006228                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.993772                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                  1671973                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        40419      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          5613679     63.84%     64.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult           22723      0.26%     64.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd            846      0.01%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead         2143533     24.38%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         765665      8.71%     97.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        206616      2.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           8793481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              252584                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             134197                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              386781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             149335                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         149335                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1411444886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts            1157796                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps              1157796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses      1109663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              47752                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        83390                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts             1109663                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      1521554                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       882144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               387505                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             252584                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            134921                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1410288139.331008                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1156746.668992                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000820                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999180                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   154815                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         6790      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           703819     60.79%     61.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            4537      0.39%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          257041     22.20%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         134921     11.65%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         50688      4.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total           1157796                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           277013341                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           4612149                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        77243591                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          163954309                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            48086                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       21268578                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           440967650                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           4660235                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        98512169                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          447893512                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              264                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      447893776                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1411429087                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1405312425                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1405312425                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   1330284157                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       2955063                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           55497601                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    146735656                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          1330284157                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              2955063                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1782918790                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    996106756                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      1948180                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      1948555                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            449140484                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          285135512                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         164004972                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1869190.789648                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1409559896.210352                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.998676                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.001324                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                217682777                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     41437859      2.94%      2.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        845863688     59.99%     62.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          960662      0.07%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd         991380      0.07%     63.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     63.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         579578      0.04%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         193207      0.01%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       299614720     21.25%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      164216963     11.65%     96.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      56114613      3.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1409972672                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits              292662                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits             154234                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              446896                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             172999                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         173124                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1411445080                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts            1380342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps              1380342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses      1325714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              53293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts       109299                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts             1325714                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads      1817064                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes      1049706                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               448728                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts             293547                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts            155181                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1410065339.857457                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1379740.142543                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000978                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999022                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                   188336                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9671      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           854451     61.88%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            4986      0.36%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead          299076     21.66%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite         155190     11.24%     95.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         57327      4.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total           1380728                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits              348244                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits             227658                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits              575902                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits             311498                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses         311650                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles              1411858389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts            1677196                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps              1677196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses      1611130                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls              58513                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts       137950                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts             1611130                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads      2242355                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes      1230383                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs               577742                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts             349083                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts            228659                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      1410181263.351569                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      1677125.648431                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.001188                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.998812                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                   223806                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass        16608      0.99%      0.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu          1009914     60.20%     61.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult            5355      0.32%     61.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.07%     61.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.01%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead          355824     21.21%     82.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite         228730     13.63%     96.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess         59848      3.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total           1677678                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits              265189                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits             139106                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits              404295                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits             149839                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses         149839                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles              1411444886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts            1224986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps              1224986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses      1175864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls              49936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts        90768                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts             1175864                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads      1616268                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes       935031                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs               405019                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts             265189                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts            139830                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      1410220968.222650                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      1223917.777350                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.000867                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.999133                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                   165198                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass         6874      0.56%      0.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu           752879     61.46%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult            4817      0.39%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead          269674     22.01%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite         139830     11.41%     95.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess         50912      4.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total           1224986                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits              263005                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits             138239                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits              401244                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits             149749                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses         149749                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles              1411444886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts            1213144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps              1213144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses      1164191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls              49546                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts        89516                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts             1164191                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads      1599514                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes       925665                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs               401968                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts             263005                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts            138963                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      1410232806.893065                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      1212079.106935                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.000859                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.999141                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                   163415                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass         6859      0.57%      0.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu           744196     61.34%     61.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult            4767      0.39%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead          267486     22.05%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite         138964     11.45%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess         50872      4.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total           1213144                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits              263325                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits             138471                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits              401796                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits             150415                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses         150415                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles              1411444886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts            1214606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps              1214606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses      1165510                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls              49606                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts        89506                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts             1165510                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads      1601136                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes       926786                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs               402520                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts             263325                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts            139195                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      1410231345.304132                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      1213540.695868                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000860                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999140                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                   163525                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass         6854      0.56%      0.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu           744809     61.32%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult            4759      0.39%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead          267820     22.05%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite         139196     11.46%     95.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess         51168      4.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total           1214606                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2992                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        5884209                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           9263                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          9263                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       868175                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      5286876                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        10590                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         8710                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        19096                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        437186                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       436934                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5881217                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       888176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side       710589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        74149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1672914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       998206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side      7745115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      8387996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     17131317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        24545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        12797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        37342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side          171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        12938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           18854511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     19057664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side     15235392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      2230848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     36523904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     31113549                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side    194560064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    196542016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total    422215629                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       533688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       451392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       985080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       245952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side         6912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       252864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           459977477                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      9051320                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      21615579                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.418549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.493321                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3            12568398     58.15%     58.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4             9047181     41.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        21615579                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
